docs/en/docs/kant/user-guide/edge-unit/create-internal-unit.md, before:

---
MTPE: FanLin
Date: 2024-01-23
---

# Create Internal Edge Unit

Edge unit definition: It refers to the collection of computing resources required for container runtime, including the cloud-side Master and edge-side worker Nodes. The concept of an edge unit is similar to a cluster in Kubernetes, but the networking is different. The Master node is deployed in the cloud, and one cloud-side master (with multiple backups) corresponds to one edge cluster.

Business of edge units: Install the KubeEdge Cloud Suite (CloudCore, ControllerManager) on the specified worker cluster and manage it throughout its lifecycle. KubeEdge: It is an open-source system that extends native containerized application orchestration capabilities to edge nodes.

- CloudCore: KubeEdge cloud-side core component.
- ControllerManager: KubeEdge CRD extension, currently applied to edge applications and edge node groups.

DCE 5.0 Cloud Edge supports two types of edge units:

- **Internal Edge Unit** is to install the KubeEdge cloud suite (CloudCore, ControllerManager) for a specified working cluster and manage it throughout its lifecycle.

- **External Edge Unit** refers to integrating the existing KubeEdge installed in the enterprise system into DCE 5.0 Cloud Edge for unified management. See [Creating External Edge Unit](./create-external-unit.md)

## Steps

The following steps explain how to create an edge unit:

1. Select __Cloud Edge Collaboration__ from the left navigation bar to go to the edge unit list page. Click the __Create Edge Unit__ button in the top-right corner of the page.

    ![Create Edge Unit](../images/create-unit-01.png)

2. Fill in the basic information:

    - Name: A combination of lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and dots (.), and it should not have consecutive separators. It should start and end with a letter or number. contains a maximum of 253 characters.
    - Cluster: The cluster where the edge unit control plane runs.
    - KubeEdge Version: A specific version released by the KubeEdge open-source system, used to extend containerized application orchestration capabilities to edge hosts. It is built on Kubernetes and provides infrastructure support for network applications.

    <!--- Edge Component Replicas: The number of replicas of cloud-side edge components to ensure high availability when cloud-side nodes fail.-->

    - Description: Description of the edge unit.

    ![Basic Info](../images/create-unit-02.png)

3. Component Repo: KubeEdge and Kant cloud-side component repository settings.

    - KubeEdge Registry: The KubeEdge cloud-side component image repository, which is the default value for the KubeEdge edge image repository in the batch node module.
        - Default: The default image repository address provided by the system.
        - Custom: You can enter the commonly used image repository address for enterprises.

    - KubeEdge Helm Repo: KubeEdge Helm application repository.
        - Default: The default Helm repository address provided by the system.
        - Custom: You can enter the commonly used Helm repository address for enterprises.

    - Kant Image Repository: The required cloud-side component image repository of the system, where Kant refers to the Cloud Edge Collaboration module; the edge installation package image repository address.
        - Default: The default image repository address provided by the system.
        - Custom: You can enter the commonly used image repository address for enterprises.

    ![Component Repo](../images/create-unit-03.png)

4. Network Config: Network Configuration for KubeEdge cloud-side components, through which edge nodes establish connections with the cloud.

    - CloudCore Address: The address of the KubeEdge CloudCore, which needs to be accessible by edge nodes.

    - Ports:
        - WebSocketPort: The WebSocket port for the access protocol, with a default value of 30000.
        - QUICPort: The QUIC port for the access protocol, with a default value of 30001.
        - HTTPServerPort: The HTTP server port, with a default value of 30002.
        - CloudStreamPort: The port for the cloud-side streaming processing interface, with a default value of 30003.
        - TunnelPort: The port for the edge node business data channel, with a default value of 30004.

    !!! note

        Kubernetes opens ports within the range of 3000-32767 by default. If there is a conflict with NodePort ports, please modify them.

    ![Network Config](../images/create-unit-04.png)

5. After completing the configuration, click the __OK__ button to create the edge unit. You will be automatically redirected back to the edge unit list.

Next: [Managing Edge Units](./manage-unit.md)

Commit message:

[en] Update create-internal-unit.md for kant

docs/en/docs/kant/user-guide/edge-unit/create-internal-unit.md, after:

---
MTPE: FanLin
Date: 2024-01-23
---

# Create Internal Edge Unit

Edge unit definition: It refers to the collection of computing resources required for container runtime, including the cloud-side Master and edge-side worker Nodes. The concept of an edge unit is similar to a cluster in Kubernetes, but the networking is different. The Master node is deployed in the cloud, and one cloud-side master (with multiple backups) corresponds to one edge cluster.

Business of edge units: Install the KubeEdge Cloud Suite (CloudCore, ControllerManager) on the specified worker cluster and manage it throughout its lifecycle. KubeEdge: It is an open-source system that extends native containerized application orchestration capabilities to edge nodes.

- CloudCore: KubeEdge cloud-side core component.
- ControllerManager: KubeEdge CRD extension, currently applied to edge applications and edge node groups.

DCE 5.0 Cloud Edge supports two types of edge units:

- **Internal Edge Unit** is to install the KubeEdge cloud suite (CloudCore, ControllerManager) for a specified working cluster and manage it throughout its lifecycle.

- **External Edge Unit** refers to integrating the existing KubeEdge installed in the enterprise system into DCE 5.0 Cloud Edge for unified management. See [Creating External Edge Unit](./create-external-unit.md)

## Steps

The following steps explain how to create an edge unit:

1. Select __Cloud Edge Collaboration__ from the left navigation bar to go to the edge unit list page. Click the __Create Edge Unit__ button in the top-right corner of the page.

    ![Create Edge Unit](../images/create-unit-01.png)

2. Fill in the basic information:

    - Name: A combination of lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and dots (.), and it should not have consecutive separators. It should start and end with a letter or number. contains a maximum of 253 characters.
    - Cluster: The cluster where the edge unit control plane runs.
    - KubeEdge Version: A specific version released by the KubeEdge open-source system, used to extend containerized application orchestration capabilities to edge hosts. It is built on Kubernetes and provides infrastructure support for network applications.

    <!--- Edge Component Replicas: The number of replicas of cloud-side edge components to ensure high availability when cloud-side nodes fail.-->

    - Description: Description of the edge unit.

    ![Basic Info](../images/create-unit-02.png)

3. Component Repo: KubeEdge and Kant cloud-side component repository settings.

    - KubeEdge Registry: The KubeEdge cloud-side component image repository, which is the default value for the KubeEdge edge image repository in the batch node module.
        - Default: The default image repository address provided by the system.
        - Custom: You can enter the commonly used image repository address for enterprises.

    - KubeEdge Helm Repo: KubeEdge Helm application repository.
        - Default: The default Helm repository address provided by the system.
        - Custom: You can enter the commonly used Helm repository address for enterprises.

    - Kant Image Repository: The required cloud-side component image repository of the system, where Kant refers to the Cloud Edge Collaboration module; the edge installation package image repository address.
        - Default: The default image repository address provided by the system.
        - Custom: You can enter the commonly used image repository address for enterprises.

    ![Component Repo](../images/create-unit-03.png)

    !!! note

        If you want to modify the default values of the KubeEdge and Kant image repositories,
        you can go to the **Global cluster kant-system namespace** , and modify the ConfigMap
        corresponding to the parameters kubeedgeImageRepo and kantImageRepo.

        - ConfigMap name: dynamic-properties-config
        - Parameter example as follows:

        ```yaml
        data:
          kantAPIServerProperties: |-
            {
              ...
              # Default values for KubeEdge and Kant image repositories
              "kubeedgeImageRepo": "docker.m.daocloud.io/kubeedge",
              "kantImageRepo": "release-ci.daocloud.io/kant",
            }
        ```

4. Network Config: Network Configuration for KubeEdge cloud-side components, through which edge nodes establish connections with the cloud.

    - CloudCore Address: The address of the KubeEdge CloudCore, which needs to be accessible by edge nodes.

    - Ports:
        - WebSocketPort: The WebSocket port for the access protocol, with a default value of 30000.
        - QUICPort: The QUIC port for the access protocol, with a default value of 30001.
        - HTTPServerPort: The HTTP server port, with a default value of 30002.
        - CloudStreamPort: The port for the cloud-side streaming processing interface, with a default value of 30003.
        - TunnelPort: The port for the edge node business data channel, with a default value of 30004.

    !!! note

        Kubernetes opens ports within the range of 3000-32767 by default. If there is a conflict with NodePort ports, please modify them.

    ![Network Config](../images/create-unit-04.png)

5. After completing the configuration, click the __OK__ button to create the edge unit. You will be automatically redirected back to the edge unit list.

Next: [Managing Edge Units](./manage-unit.md)
