docs/en/docs/dce/index.md, before:

---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-01-09
hide:
  - toc
---

# DaoCloud Enterprise 5.0

DaoCloud Enterprise 5.0 (DCE 5.0) is an advanced and highly scalable cloud native operating system designed to provide
a consistent and dependable experience across diverse infrastructures and environments. With its support for heterogeneous
clouds, edge clouds, and multicloud management, DCE 5.0 offers unparalleled flexibility.

By seamlessly integrating state-of-the-art service mesh and microservice technologies, DCE 5.0 enables comprehensive tracking
of the entire traffic lifecycle. Users can gain valuable insights into detailed metrics related to clusters, nodes, applications,
and services. Visualizing the health status of applications through dynamic dashboards and topology maps empowers users with
actionable information to optimize performance.

A major advantage of DCE 5.0 is its native support for the DevOps development and operation mode, facilitating standardization
and automation throughout the application delivery process. Additionally, DCE 5.0 effortlessly integrates a range of carefully
selected databases and middleware, enhancing operational efficiency and governance. Each product module operates independently,
ensuring flexible upgrades without disrupting critical business operations. Furthermore, DCE 5.0 seamlessly integrates with
various cloud native ecosystem products, forming a comprehensive and robust solution system.

With extensive testing from thousands of industry customers in real production cases, DCE 5.0 has established itself as a solid
and trustworthy digital foundation. It assists enterprises in defining their digital boundaries and unleashing the full potential
of cloud native productivity. Embrace DCE 5.0 to elevate your organization's capabilities in the cloud native landscape.

*[DCE]: An abbreviation for DaoCloud Enterprise, a next-generation AI computing platform
*[AI]: DCE 5.0 has an integrated intelligent computing engine for efficient management of LLM jobs, datasets, GPU, CPU, and memory resources

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :fontawesome-solid-jet-fighter-up: **Install** [Installation instructions](../install/index.md)
- :material-microsoft-azure-devops: **Workbench** [CI/CD pipeline](../amamba/intro/index.md)
- :octicons-container-16: **Container Management** [Cluster/node/workloads](../kpanda/intro/index.md)
- :material-cloud-check: **Multicloud Management** [Multicloud instance/workload/policy](../kairship/intro/index.md)
- :material-warehouse: **Container Registry** [Integrate and host registries](../kangaroo/intro/index.md)
- :material-dot-net: **Network** [Multi-CNI fusion solution](../network/intro/index.md)
- :floppy_disk: **Storage** [Containerized storage](../storage/index.md)
- :material-train-car-container: **VM** [Containerized virtual machine](../virtnest/intro/index.md)
- :material-monitor-dashboard: **Insight** [One-stop graphical dashboard](../insight/intro/index.md)
- :material-engine: **Microservice Engine** [Microservice governance and gateway](../skoala/intro/index.md)
- :material-table-refresh: **Service Mesh** [Non-intrusive service governance](../mspider/intro/index.md)
- :material-middleware: **Middleware** [ES, Kafka, MinIO, MySQL, etc.](../middleware/index.md)
- :fontawesome-brands-edge: **Cloud Edge Collaboration** [Containers extend to edge](../kant/intro/index.md)
- :fontawesome-solid-user-group: **Global Management** [Login/permissions/appearance](../ghippo/intro/index.md)
- [Free Trial Now :free:](../trial/index.md){ .md-button }

</div>

![modules](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/dce-modules04.jpg)

Over the past ten years, DaoCloud has made significant investments to explore
and develop a cloud native operating system with customizable and scalable modules
that facilitate business digitalization. Each module can be used as a LEGO brick,
allowing for zero downtime while upgrading any module. DCE 5.0 is also easy to
integrate with hundreds of cloud native ecological plugins, making it simple to
customize solutions for different use cases. This modular style allows for growth
day by day, making things better over time.

=== "Cloud Native Base"

    DCE 5.0 provides cloud native computing, networking, storage, and other capabilities,
    compatible with various cluster access. It supports the entire lifecycle of the cluster
    from deployment, version upgrade, certificate change, configuration change, and recycling,
    enabling lifecycle management. 

    This capability breaks through K8s API performance bottlenecks, allowing large-scale
    enterprise users to use multiple clusters concurrently. Additionally, for the enterprise
    environment, it provides scenario-based network solutions to maximize the reuse of
    the current enterprise network infrastructure and lower the threshold for enterprises
    to use cloud native applications.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cluster Lifecycle Management](../community/kubean.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md)

=== "Multicloud"

    DCE 5.0 supports unified and centralized management of multicloud and hybrid clouds,
    providing cross-cloud resource retrieval and application deployment, release, and
    operation and maintenance capabilities. This enables efficient management and control
    of multicloud applications, elastic scaling of applications based on cluster resources,
    and global load balancing.
    
    Furthermore, DCE 5.0 offers fault recovery capabilities that
    can effectively solve the problem of multicloud application disaster recovery, helping
    enterprises build multicloud and hybrid cloud digital infrastructure.

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Multicloud Management](../kairship/intro/index.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), Heterogeneous architecture

    ![multicloud](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/01multi-cloud.png)

=== "Middleware"

    The cloud native local storage capability, specially designed for stateful applications, meets
    the high I/O storage requirements of middleware and improves the efficiency of operation and
    maintenance management. It offers middleware management capabilities for the entire lifecycle
    of multi-tenancy, deployment, observation, backup, operation, and maintenance operations, among others.

    This capability supports various middleware such as databases, distributed messages, log retrieval,
    etc., enabling self-service application, elastic expansion, high concurrent processing, and high
    stability and availability of data services.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), [selected middleware](../middleware/index.md)

    ![data](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/02data.jpg)

=== "Microservice"

    DCE 5.0 provides non-intrusive traffic management features, supporting non-sensing access to
    traditional microservices, cloud native microservices, and open-source microservice frameworks.
    It achieves integrated management of existing microservice systems and old and new microservice systems of enterprises.

    This capability supports the full lifecycle management of microservices from development, deployment,
    access, observation, operation, and maintenance. It also provides high-performance cloud native
    microservice gateways, ensuring continuous availability of microservice applications. Additionally,
    DCE 5.0 introduces independent open-source eBPF mesh acceleration technology to comprehensively improve traffic forwarding efficiency.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Microservice Engine](../skoala/intro/index.md), [Service Mesh](../mspider/intro/index.md), [Insight](../insight/intro/index.md),
    [Workbench](../amamba/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![microservie engine](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/03msgov.jpg)

=== "Observability"

    DCE 5.0 comprehensively collects service data based on logs, traces, metrics,
    eBPF, and other technical means. It deeply acquires request link information
    and dynamically observes and multi-dimensionally controls real-time changes
    in clusters, nodes, applications, and services.
    
    This capability enables the query of all clusters and load observation data
    through a unified control plane. Additionally, it introduces topology analysis
    technology to visualize the application health status and achieves second-level fault location.

    *[eBPF]: Extended Berkeley Packet Filter, which is a component of the Linux kernel that can run sandboxed programs in the kernel

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Insight](../insight/intro/index.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md), [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![Insight](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/04insight.jpg)

=== "App Store"

    DCE 5.0 includes software products from ecological partners in ten major fields,
    such as big data and AI, middleware, etc. This enables the integration of ecological
    technology, products, operation services, and other capabilities. Additionally, it
    provides out-of-the-box ecological application software, creating a complete solution system.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), app store, product ecology

=== "App Delivery"

    DCE 5.0 realizes self-service migration to the cloud through a consistent and
    scalable app delivery process. It supports flexible tenant systems, dynamically
    adapting to user organizational structure planning and real-time resource allocation.

    This capability is based on cloud native CI/CD pipelines, integrating rich toolchains,
    and supporting efficient concurrent execution flow. Additionally, it automates the
    construction and deployment of applications, innovatively introducing GitOps and
    progressive delivery capability systems, achieving more refined management and operation of applications.

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Workbench](../amamba/intro/index.md), [container registry](../kangaroo/intro/index.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![app delivery](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/06appdeliv.jpg)

=== "Heterogeneous Architecture"

    DCE 5.0 adopts a heterogeneous cloud native technology architecture, compatible
    with domestic chips and servers. It supports a heterogeneous operating system and
    heterogeneous application ecosystem, shielding the complexity of underlying
    heterogeneous infrastructure, and liberating traditional operating systems
    from software ecological compatibility that requires long-term accumulation.

    This capability realizes the flexible scheduling of mixed heterogeneous clusters,
    ensuring the stability and reliability of the heterogeneous application operating
    environment. Furthermore, it helps speed up the heterogeneous process.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cluster Lifecycle Management](../community/kubean.md), [Middleware](../middleware/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![Heterogeneous](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/08xinchuan.jpg)

=== "Cloud Edge Collaboration"

    DCE 5.0 extends cloud native capabilities to the edge by adopting the edge cluster
    and edge node mode. It moves the computing power of the data center down, while
    moving up the computing power of the end device. This unifies control and scheduling
    of discrete and heterogeneous computing resources, solving the problem of massive edge and end devices.

    This capability unifies the requirements of large-scale app delivery, operation
    and maintenance, management, and control on the Internet. Additionally, it realizes
    true integration of cloud and edge by bringing cloud native capabilities to the edge.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cluster Lifecycle Management](../community/kubean.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), weak network cluster

    ![Cloud edge collaboration](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/09cloud-edge.png)

=== "Virtual Machine"

    Based on KubeVirt technology, virtual machines are managed as cloud-native applications, seamlessly integrated with containers.
    This allows users to easily manage the entire lifecycle of virtual machines, including capabilities such as snapshotting,
    recovery, cloning, and live migration. Users can enjoy a smooth experience similar to container applications.

    **Related Modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Storage](../storage/index.md), [Virtual Machine](../virtnest/intro/index.md)

    ![virtual machine](../images/virtnest.png)

Once you have obtained the [license authorization](./license0.md) and successfully logged into DCE 5.0
for the first time, you will be greeted by a user-friendly dashboard. This dashboard provides an intuitive display
of various information, including the status of running containers and pods, CPU and memory usage, health status
of clusters/nodes/pods, alerts, resource utilization, and an overview of available functionalities.

![dashboard](./images/ipavo.png)

[Download DCE 5.0](../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](./license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

Commit message:

add Intelligent Engine model to Homeage
Signed-off-by: samzong.lu <samzong.lu@gmail.com>

docs/en/docs/dce/index.md, after:

---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-01-09
hide:
  - toc
---

# DaoCloud Enterprise 5.0

DaoCloud Enterprise 5.0 (DCE 5.0) is an advanced and highly scalable cloud native operating system designed to provide
a consistent and dependable experience across diverse infrastructures and environments. With its support for heterogeneous
clouds, edge clouds, and multicloud management, DCE 5.0 offers unparalleled flexibility.

By seamlessly integrating state-of-the-art service mesh and microservice technologies, DCE 5.0 enables comprehensive tracking
of the entire traffic lifecycle. Users can gain valuable insights into detailed metrics related to clusters, nodes, applications,
and services. Visualizing the health status of applications through dynamic dashboards and topology maps empowers users with
actionable information to optimize performance.

A major advantage of DCE 5.0 is its native support for the DevOps development and operation mode, facilitating standardization
and automation throughout the application delivery process. Additionally, DCE 5.0 effortlessly integrates a range of carefully
selected databases and middleware, enhancing operational efficiency and governance. Each product module operates independently,
ensuring flexible upgrades without disrupting critical business operations. Furthermore, DCE 5.0 seamlessly integrates with
various cloud native ecosystem products, forming a comprehensive and robust solution system.

With extensive testing from thousands of industry customers in real production cases, DCE 5.0 has established itself as a solid
and trustworthy digital foundation. It assists enterprises in defining their digital boundaries and unleashing the full potential
of cloud native productivity. Embrace DCE 5.0 to elevate your organization's capabilities in the cloud native landscape.

*[DCE]: An abbreviation for DaoCloud Enterprise, a next-generation AI computing platform
*[AI]: DCE 5.0 has an integrated intelligent computing engine for efficient management of LLM jobs, datasets, GPU, CPU, and memory resources

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :fontawesome-solid-jet-fighter-up: **Install** [Installation instructions](../install/index.md)
- :material-microsoft-azure-devops: **Workbench** [CI/CD pipeline](../amamba/intro/index.md)
- :octicons-container-16: **Container Management** [Cluster/node/workloads](../kpanda/intro/index.md)
- :material-cloud-check: **Multicloud Management** [Multicloud instance/workload/policy](../kairship/intro/index.md)
- :material-warehouse: **Container Registry** [Integrate and host registries](../kangaroo/intro/index.md)
- :material-dot-net: **Network** [Multi-CNI fusion solution](../network/intro/index.md)
- :floppy_disk: **Storage** [Containerized storage](../storage/index.md)
- :material-train-car-container: **VM** [Containerized virtual machine](../virtnest/intro/index.md)
- :material-monitor-dashboard: **Insight** [One-stop graphical dashboard](../insight/intro/index.md)
- :material-engine: **Microservice Engine** [Microservice governance and gateway](../skoala/intro/index.md)
- :material-table-refresh: **Service Mesh** [Non-intrusive service governance](../mspider/intro/index.md)
- :material-middleware: **Middleware** [ES, Kafka, MinIO, MySQL, etc.](../middleware/index.md)
- :material-slot-machine: **Intelligent Engine** [Cloud Native AI - Integrated Training and Inference Platform](../baize/intro/index.md)
- :fontawesome-brands-edge: **Cloud Edge Collaboration** [Containers extend to edge](../kant/intro/index.md)
- :fontawesome-solid-user-group: **Global Management** [Login/permissions/appearance](../ghippo/intro/index.md)
- [Free Trial Now :free:](../trial/index.md){ .md-button }

</div>

![modules](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/dce-modules04.jpg)

Over the past ten years, DaoCloud has made significant investments to explore
and develop a cloud native operating system with customizable and scalable modules
that facilitate business digitalization. Each module can be used as a LEGO brick,
allowing for zero downtime while upgrading any module. DCE 5.0 is also easy to
integrate with hundreds of cloud native ecological plugins, making it simple to
customize solutions for different use cases. This modular style allows for growth
day by day, making things better over time.

=== "Cloud Native Base"

    DCE 5.0 provides cloud native computing, networking, storage, and other capabilities,
    compatible with various cluster access. It supports the entire lifecycle of the cluster
    from deployment, version upgrade, certificate change, configuration change, and recycling,
    enabling lifecycle management. 

    This capability breaks through K8s API performance bottlenecks, allowing large-scale
    enterprise users to use multiple clusters concurrently. Additionally, for the enterprise
    environment, it provides scenario-based network solutions to maximize the reuse of
    the current enterprise network infrastructure and lower the threshold for enterprises
    to use cloud native applications.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cluster Lifecycle Management](../community/kubean.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md)

=== "Multicloud"

    DCE 5.0 supports unified and centralized management of multicloud and hybrid clouds,
    providing cross-cloud resource retrieval and application deployment, release, and
    operation and maintenance capabilities. This enables efficient management and control
    of multicloud applications, elastic scaling of applications based on cluster resources,
    and global load balancing.
    
    Furthermore, DCE 5.0 offers fault recovery capabilities that
    can effectively solve the problem of multicloud application disaster recovery, helping
    enterprises build multicloud and hybrid cloud digital infrastructure.

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Multicloud Management](../kairship/intro/index.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), Heterogeneous architecture

    ![multicloud](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/01multi-cloud.png)

=== "Middleware"

    The cloud native local storage capability, specially designed for stateful applications, meets
    the high I/O storage requirements of middleware and improves the efficiency of operation and
    maintenance management. It offers middleware management capabilities for the entire lifecycle
    of multi-tenancy, deployment, observation, backup, operation, and maintenance operations, among others.

    This capability supports various middleware such as databases, distributed messages, log retrieval,
    etc., enabling self-service application, elastic expansion, high concurrent processing, and high
    stability and availability of data services.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), [selected middleware](../middleware/index.md)

    ![data](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/02data.jpg)

=== "Microservice"

    DCE 5.0 provides non-intrusive traffic management features, supporting non-sensing access to
    traditional microservices, cloud native microservices, and open-source microservice frameworks.
    It achieves integrated management of existing microservice systems and old and new microservice systems of enterprises.

    This capability supports the full lifecycle management of microservices from development, deployment,
    access, observation, operation, and maintenance. It also provides high-performance cloud native
    microservice gateways, ensuring continuous availability of microservice applications. Additionally,
    DCE 5.0 introduces independent open-source eBPF mesh acceleration technology to comprehensively improve traffic forwarding efficiency.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Microservice Engine](../skoala/intro/index.md), [Service Mesh](../mspider/intro/index.md), [Insight](../insight/intro/index.md),
    [Workbench](../amamba/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![microservie engine](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/03msgov.jpg)

=== "Observability"

    DCE 5.0 comprehensively collects service data based on logs, traces, metrics,
    eBPF, and other technical means. It deeply acquires request link information
    and dynamically observes and multi-dimensionally controls real-time changes
    in clusters, nodes, applications, and services.
    
    This capability enables the query of all clusters and load observation data
    through a unified control plane. Additionally, it introduces topology analysis
    technology to visualize the application health status and achieves second-level fault location.

    *[eBPF]: Extended Berkeley Packet Filter, which is a component of the Linux kernel that can run sandboxed programs in the kernel

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Insight](../insight/intro/index.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md), [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![Insight](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/04insight.jpg)

=== "App Store"

    DCE 5.0 includes software products from ecological partners in ten major fields,
    such as big data and AI, middleware, etc. This enables the integration of ecological
    technology, products, operation services, and other capabilities. Additionally, it
    provides out-of-the-box ecological application software, creating a complete solution system.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), app store, product ecology

=== "App Delivery"

    DCE 5.0 realizes self-service migration to the cloud through a consistent and
    scalable app delivery process. It supports flexible tenant systems, dynamically
    adapting to user organizational structure planning and real-time resource allocation.

    This capability is based on cloud native CI/CD pipelines, integrating rich toolchains,
    and supporting efficient concurrent execution flow. Additionally, it automates the
    construction and deployment of applications, innovatively introducing GitOps and
    progressive delivery capability systems, achieving more refined management and operation of applications.

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Workbench](../amamba/intro/index.md), [container registry](../kangaroo/intro/index.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![app delivery](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/06appdeliv.jpg)

=== "Heterogeneous Architecture"

    DCE 5.0 adopts a heterogeneous cloud native technology architecture, compatible
    with domestic chips and servers. It supports a heterogeneous operating system and
    heterogeneous application ecosystem, shielding the complexity of underlying
    heterogeneous infrastructure, and liberating traditional operating systems
    from software ecological compatibility that requires long-term accumulation.

    This capability realizes the flexible scheduling of mixed heterogeneous clusters,
    ensuring the stability and reliability of the heterogeneous application operating
    environment. Furthermore, it helps speed up the heterogeneous process.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cluster Lifecycle Management](../community/kubean.md), [Middleware](../middleware/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Storage](../storage/index.md)

    ![Heterogeneous](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/08xinchuan.jpg)

=== "Cloud Edge Collaboration"

    DCE 5.0 extends cloud native capabilities to the edge by adopting the edge cluster
    and edge node mode. It moves the computing power of the data center down, while
    moving up the computing power of the end device. This unifies control and scheduling
    of discrete and heterogeneous computing resources, solving the problem of massive edge and end devices.

    This capability unifies the requirements of large-scale app delivery, operation
    and maintenance, management, and control on the Internet. Additionally, it realizes
    true integration of cloud and edge by bringing cloud native capabilities to the edge.

    **Related modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cluster Lifecycle Management](../community/kubean.md), [cloud native network](../network/intro/index.md),
    [cloud native storage](../storage/index.md), weak network cluster

    ![Cloud edge collaboration](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/images/09cloud-edge.png)

=== "Virtual Machine"

    Based on KubeVirt technology, virtual machines are managed as cloud-native applications, seamlessly integrated with containers.
    This allows users to easily manage the entire lifecycle of virtual machines, including capabilities such as snapshotting,
    recovery, cloning, and live migration. Users can enjoy a smooth experience similar to container applications.

    **Related Modules**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management](../kpanda/intro/index.md),
    [Cloud Native Network](../network/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Storage](../storage/index.md), [Virtual Machine](../virtnest/intro/index.md)

    ![virtual machine](../images/virtnest.png)

=== "Intelligent Engine"

    Cloud-native AI platform seamlessly integrates MLOps with LLMs, offering an end-to-end unified development process for an AI-powered computational platform. It supports a wide range of deep learning frameworks including Pytorch and Tensorflow, and covers comprehensive functions such as dataset management, model development, training, inference, monitoring, and operations. Users can focus solely on the development and application of models, without the need to worry about underlying resource scheduling, management, and monitoring.

    **Modules involved**: [Global Management](../ghippo/intro/index.md), [Container Management]../(kpanda/intro/index.md), [Cloud Native Networking](../network/intro/index.md)

    ![Intelligent Engine](../baize/images/image01.png)

Once you have obtained the [license authorization](./license0.md) and successfully logged into DCE 5.0
for the first time, you will be greeted by a user-friendly dashboard. This dashboard provides an intuitive display
of various information, including the status of running containers and pods, CPU and memory usage, health status
of clusters/nodes/pods, alerts, resource utilization, and an overview of available functionalities.

![dashboard](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/en/docs/dce/images/ipavo.png)

[Download DCE 5.0](../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](./license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
