docs/en/docs/download/business/dce5-installer-v0.6.1.md, before:

---
date: 2023-04-12
hide:
  - navigation
---

# DCE 5.0 Enterprise v0.6.1

This page can download the offline installation package and verification file of DCE 5.0 Enterprise.

[Return to Download Index](../index.md#download-enterprise-package){ .md-button }
[More Historical Versions](./dce5-installer-history.md){ .md-button }

## Download

| File Name | Version | Architecture | File Size | Downloads | Date Updated |
| ----------------------------- | ------- | -------- | -- ----------------------------------------------- | ----- ----- | -------------------------------- |
| offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar | v0.6.1 | AMD64 | 16.37GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/dce5/offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar) | 2023-04-12 |
| offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar | v0.6.1 | ARM64 | 15.15GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/dce5/offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar) | 2023-04-12 |

## Verification

Go to the download directory of the offline installation package.

=== "AMD64"

     run the following command to verify the installation package:

     ```sh
     echo "00a785ba2f3b2abe7f634410ae08b798771d2d9de27b7d39e9ed6a9d9eff0e04ea544478b04f75610190b7f46c33179711ac5be6ecd219ea4f407c38850d350c offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     If the validation is successful, it will print:

     ```none
     offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar: OK
     ```

=== "ARM64"

     run the following command to verify the installation package:

     ```sh
     echo "1ebbd5fb7841d9e36e972ec6316cf43f62fe770401026fa07e9da58908f71b9ef9ae30c4b345efc60fb1a8ee3a6a2ba1f1e50b9858da223b56dca17a32548733 off line-v0.6.1-arm64.tar" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     If the validation is successful, it will print:

     ```none
     offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar: OK
     ```

## Install

After successfully verifying the offline package,

=== "AMD64"

     run the following command to extract the tarball:

     ```sh
     tar -zxvf offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar
     ```

=== "ARM64"

     run the following command to extract the tarball:

     ```sh
     tar -zxvf offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar
     ```

- For installation, please refer to [Enterprise Package installation process](../../install/commercial/start-install.md)
- After successful installation, please contact us for authorization: email info@daocloud.io or call 400 002 6898

## Modules

The DCE 5.0 Enterprise includes the following modules, which are plug-and-play on-demand to meet various use cases:

| Modules | Introduction | What's New |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- | ----- -------------------------------------------------- ------ |
| Global Management | Responsible for user access control, permissions, enterprise space, audit logs, personalized appearance settings, etc. | [0.15.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#0150) |
| Container Management | Manage K8s core features such as clusters, nodes, workloads, Helm applications, CRDs, and namespaces | [0.16.1](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#0161) |
| Insight | Provide rich graphic information such as dashboards, scene monitoring, data query, and alerts | [0.15.4](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#0154) |
| Workbench | A container-based DevOps application platform that supports pipeline operations such as Jenkins, Tekton, GitOps, etc. | [0.15.1](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#0151) |
| Multicloud Management| Centralized management of application orchestration of multicloud, hybrid cloud, and cross-cloud resources, with multicloud disaster recovery and fault recovery capabilities| [0.7.4](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md# 074) |
| Microservice Engine | Provide registration discovery, service governance, configuration management, microservice gateway and other governance capabilities | [0.19.4](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#0194) |
| Service Mesh | A next-generation service mesh for cloud native applications based on Istio open source technology | [v0.14.3](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0143) |
| Middleware Elasticsearch | Currently preferred full-text search engine | [0.6.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#060) |
| Middleware Kafka | Distributed message queue service based on the open source software Kafka | [0.4.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#040) |
| Middleware MinIO | A very popular lightweight, open source object storage solution | [0.4.1](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#041) |
| Middleware MySQL | The most widely used open source relational database | [0.7.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#070) |
| Middleware RabbitMQ | Open source message broker software implementing the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP) | [0.9.1](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#091) |
| Middleware Redis | An in-memory database caching service | [0.6.2](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#062) |
| Container registry | Used to store images for K8s, DevOps and container application development | [0.6.2](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md) |
| Network | Support multiple CNI combinations for different Linux kernels | [0.5.0](../../network/modules/spiderpool/releasenotes.md) |
| Storage | Provide unified data storage services, support files, objects, blocks, and local storage, and easily access storage vendor solutions | [v0.9.2](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md) |

## More

- [Online Documentation](../../dce/index.md)
- [Report a bug](https://github.com/DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs/issues)

Commit message:

[en] Update download pages for scripts

docs/en/docs/download/business/dce5-installer-v0.6.1.md, after:

---
date: 2023-04-12
hide:
  - navigation
---

# DCE 5.0 Enterprise v0.6.1

This page allows you to download the offline package and checksum file of DCE 5.0 Enterprise.

[Return to Download Index](../index.md#download-enterprise-package){ .md-button }
[More Historical Versions](./dce5-installer-history.md){ .md-button }

## Download

| Filename | Version | Architecture | File Size | Downloads | Update Date |
| ----------------------------- | ------- | -------- | -- ----------------------------------------------- | ----- ----- | -------------------------------- |
| offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar | v0.6.1 | AMD64 | 16.37GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/dce5/offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar) | 2023-04-12 |
| offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar | v0.6.1 | ARM64 | 15.15GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/dce5/offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar) | 2023-04-12 |

## Validation

Go to the download directory of the offline package.

=== "AMD64"

     run the following command to validate the offline package:

     ```sh
     echo "00a785ba2f3b2abe7f634410ae08b798771d2d9de27b7d39e9ed6a9d9eff0e04ea544478b04f75610190b7f46c33179711ac5be6ecd219ea4f407c38850d350c offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     If the validation is successful, it will print:

     ```none
     offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar: OK
     ```

=== "ARM64"

     run the following command to validate the offline package:

     ```sh
     echo "1ebbd5fb7841d9e36e972ec6316cf43f62fe770401026fa07e9da58908f71b9ef9ae30c4b345efc60fb1a8ee3a6a2ba1f1e50b9858da223b56dca17a32548733 off line-v0.6.1-arm64.tar" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     If the validation is successful, it will print:

     ```none
     offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar: OK
     ```

## Installation

After the offline package has been successfully validated,

=== "AMD64"

     run the following command to extract the tarball:

     ```sh
     tar -zxvf offline-v0.6.1-amd64.tar
     ```

=== "ARM64"

     run the following command to extract the tarball:

     ```sh
     tar -zxvf offline-v0.6.1-arm64.tar
     ```

- For installation, refer to [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation Process](../../install/commercial/start-install.md)
- After successful installation, please contact us for authorization: email info@daocloud.io or call 400 002 6898

## Modules

The DCE 5.0 Enterprise includes the following modules, which are plug-and-play to meet various use cases:

| Modules | Introduction | What's New |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- | ----- -------------------------------------------------- ------ |
| Global Management | Responsible for user access control, permissions, enterprise space, audit logs, personalized appearance settings, etc. | [0.15.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#0150) |
| Container Management | Manage K8s core features such as clusters, nodes, workloads, Helm applications, CRDs, and namespaces | [0.16.1](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#0161) |
| Insight | Provide rich graphic information such as dashboards, scene monitoring, data query, and alerts | [0.15.4](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#0154) |
| Workbench | A container-based DevOps application platform that supports pipeline operations such as Jenkins, Tekton, GitOps, etc. | [0.15.1](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#0151) |
| Multicloud Management| Centralized management of application orchestration of multicloud, hybrid cloud, and cross-cloud resources, with multicloud disaster recovery and fault recovery capabilities| [0.7.4](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md# 074) |
| Microservice Engine | Provide registration discovery, service governance, configuration management, microservice gateway and other governance capabilities | [0.19.4](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#0194) |
| Service Mesh | A next-generation service mesh for cloud native applications based on Istio open source technology | [v0.14.3](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0143) |
| Middleware Elasticsearch | Currently preferred full-text search engine | [0.6.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#060) |
| Middleware Kafka | Distributed message queue service based on the open source software Kafka | [0.4.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#040) |
| Middleware MinIO | A very popular lightweight, open source object storage solution | [0.4.1](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#041) |
| Middleware MySQL | The most widely used open source relational database | [0.7.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#070) |
| Middleware RabbitMQ | Open source message broker software implementing the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP) | [0.9.1](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#091) |
| Middleware Redis | An in-memory database caching service | [0.6.2](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#062) |
| Container registry | Used to store images for K8s, DevOps and container application development | [0.6.2](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md) |
| Network | Support multiple CNI combinations for different Linux kernels | [0.5.0](../../network/modules/spiderpool/releasenotes.md) |
| Storage | Provide unified data storage services, support files, objects, blocks, and local storage, and easily access storage vendor solutions | [v0.9.2](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md) |

## More

- [Online Documentation](../../dce/index.md)
- [Report a bug](https://github.com/DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs/issues)
