docs/en/docs/baize/intro/index.md, before:

---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-02-23
hide:
  - toc
---

# What is Baize

Baize is a cloud native AI computing platform developed by DaoCloud that can running on any K8s-based system.
This innovative platform, known as Cloud Native AI Platform, offers a seamless integration of software
and hardware for a superior AI computing experience. Baize combines various computing powers,
optimizes GPU performance, streamlines the scheduling and management of computing resources,
and enhances computing efficiency. With its focus on reducing costs and simplifying AI development,
Baize provides optimized AI development frameworks that accelerate the implementation of AI applications
across different industries.

**Key Features**

- Fully Managed Computing Resources

    Powered by DCE (DaoCloud Enterprise), Baize offers robust infrastructure capabilities to support
    large-scale computing clusters, heterogeneous GPUs, and comprehensive hosting services.
    It also includes integrated acceleration solutions like vGPU.

- Dataset Management

    Baize supports efficient dataset management during model development, with features such as
    dataset organization, multi-data source access, and dataset preloading.
    The underlying container storage engine ensures smooth and effective data processing.

- Development Environment Management

    Baize caters to the requirements of MLOps and LLMOps engineers by providing a range of
    development environments, including JupyterLab and upcoming support for VSCode. It allows
    for custom development environments and easy access to GPU, dataset, and other resources.

- Job Management

    Baize offers comprehensive job lifecycle management, enabling quick creation of jobs and support
    for popular job frameworks like Pytorch, TensorFlow, and PaddlePaddle. It includes various
    job scheduling options, such as single-machine, distributed, multi-node, and multi-GPU setups.

- GPU Management

    Users can monitor GPU resources and usage through Baize, with features for tracking current
    and historical job activities on GPUs. This facilitates GPU stress assessment and optimization.

- Queue Management

    Baize allows for the creation of queues and their association with workspaces to ensure
    efficient coordination and resource isolation within different clusters.

[Download DCE 5.0](../../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](../../dce/license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

Commit message:

Replace Baize with Intelligent Engine

docs/en/docs/baize/intro/index.md, after:

---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-02-23
hide:
  - toc
---

# What is Intelligent Engine

Intelligent Engine is a cloud native AI computing platform developed by DaoCloud that can running on any K8s-based system.
This innovative platform, known as Cloud Native AI Platform, offers a seamless integration of software
and hardware for a superior AI computing experience. Intelligent Engine combines various computing powers,
optimizes GPU performance, streamlines the scheduling and management of computing resources,
and enhances computing efficiency. With its focus on reducing costs and simplifying AI development,
Intelligent Engine provides optimized AI development frameworks that accelerate the implementation of AI applications
across different industries.

**Key Features**

- Fully Managed Computing Resources

    Powered by DCE (DaoCloud Enterprise), Intelligent Engine offers robust infrastructure capabilities to support
    large-scale computing clusters, heterogeneous GPUs, and comprehensive hosting services.
    It also includes integrated acceleration solutions like vGPU.

- Dataset Management

    Intelligent Engine supports efficient dataset management during model development, with features such as
    dataset organization, multi-data source access, and dataset preloading.
    The underlying container storage engine ensures smooth and effective data processing.

- Development Environment Management

    Intelligent Engine caters to the requirements of MLOps and LLMOps engineers by providing a range of
    development environments, including JupyterLab and upcoming support for VSCode. It allows
    for custom development environments and easy access to GPU, dataset, and other resources.

- Job Management

    Intelligent Engine offers comprehensive job lifecycle management, enabling quick creation of jobs and support
    for popular job frameworks like Pytorch, TensorFlow, and PaddlePaddle. It includes various
    job scheduling options, such as single-machine, distributed, multi-node, and multi-GPU setups.

- GPU Management

    Users can monitor GPU resources and usage through Intelligent Engine, with features for tracking current
    and historical job activities on GPUs. This facilitates GPU stress assessment and optimization.

- Queue Management

    Intelligent Engine allows for the creation of queues and their association with workspaces to ensure
    efficient coordination and resource isolation within different clusters.

[Download DCE 5.0](../../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](../../dce/license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
