docs/en/docs/amamba/user-guide/native/manage.md, before:

# Native Application Management

After [creating a native application](native-app.md), you can view the application details or update the application configuration as needed.

## View Application Details

In the __App Workbench__ - __Overview__ page, click the __Native App__ tab and then click the name of the native application.

- View basic information such as application name, alias, description, namespace, creation time, etc.


- Click the __Application Resources__ tab to view Kubernetes resources under the native application, such as workloads, services, routes, etc. It supports editing and deleting various resources.


- Click the __Application Topology__ tab to view a visual representation of resources including workloads, containers, storage, configurations, and secrets.


    - View basic information of resources and navigate to the __Container Management__ module to see resource details:


    - Nodes in the visual topology are color-coded to indicate the health status of resources that support it:


## Edit Basic Information of a Native Application

1. Click the name of the native application and then click the __ⵈ__ in the upper-right corner of the page and select __Edit Basic Information__ .
2. Set an alias or provide additional description as needed.


## View YAML of a Native Application

1. Click the name of the native application and then click the __ⵈ__ in the upper-right corner of the page and select __View YAML__ .
2. View the manifest file of the native application.

Commit message:

add amamba-manage-native-applications images

docs/en/docs/amamba/user-guide/native/manage.md, after:

---
MTPE: FanLin
Date: 2024-01-08
---

# Manage Native Applications

After [creating a native application](native-app.md), you can view the application details or update the application configuration as needed.

1. Go to the __Workbench__ -> __Overview__ page, click on the __Application__ tab, and then click on the name of the native application.

    ![Application Overview](../../images/native-app01.png)

- Here you can view basic information like the application name, alias, description, namespace, creation time, and more.

    ![Basic Info](../../images/native-app02.png)

- Click on the __App Resources__ tab to view the Kubernetes resources associated with the native application, such as workloads, services, routes, etc. You also have the ability to edit and delete various resources.

    ![App Resources](../../images/native-app03.png)

- Click on the __Application Topology__ tab to visually see the resources including workloads, containers, storage, configurations, and secrets.

    ![Application Topology](../../images/native-app04.png)

    - View basic resource information and navigate to the __Container Management__ module to see more resource details:

        ![Resource Details](../../images/native-app05.png)

    - Nodes in the visual topology are color-coded to indicate the health status of resources that support it:

        ![Node Color](../../images/native-app06.png)

## Editing basic information of a native application

1. Click on the name of the native application, and then click on the __ⵈ__ in the upper-right corner of the page, and select __Edit Basic Info__.

2. Set an alias or provide additional description as needed.

    ![Alias Info](../../images/native-app07.png)

## Viewing YAML of a native application

1. Click on the name of the native application, then click on the __ⵈ__ in the upper-right corner of the page, and select __Check YAML__.

2. View the manifest file of the native application.

    ![Check YAML](../../images/native-app08.png)
