docs/en/docs/network/modules/aliyun-terway/index.md, before:

# Introduction to Terway CNI Plugin

Terway is a CNI plugin developed by the Alibaba Cloud Container Service team specifically for its Cloud VPC networks. It offers a stable and high-performance solution with support for advanced features like Kubernetes network policy and traffic control.
The Terway CNI mainly consists of two components:

- CNI Binary: this component interacts with Kubernetes CRI runtime, handling requests from the API Server to manage Pods and configure their network protocol stack. It also communicates with its own daemon component, which invokes the Alibaba Cloud OpenAPI for managing and connecting to network resources.

- Daemon Component: invoked by the CNI Binary, it is responsible for interacting with the Alibaba Cloud OpenAPI. It performs operations to manage VPC network resources such as creating and deleting ENIs and adding or removing secondary IPs.

To meet the diverse requirements of different users, Terway supports four different communication modes:

- VPC
- ENI
- ENIIP
- ENI-Trunking

Other contents:

[Terway Network Introduction](what.md)

Commit message:

add en terway usage doc

docs/en/docs/network/modules/aliyun-terway/index.md, after:

# Introduction to Terway CNI Plugin

Terway is a CNI plugin developed by the Alibaba Cloud Container Service team specifically for its Cloud VPC networks. It offers a stable and high-performance solution with support for advanced features like Kubernetes network policy and traffic control.

Related terms:

- ECS Instance: a node in Kubernetes.
- Elastic Network Interface (ENI):  virtual network interface within Alibaba Cloud's Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) that connects ECS instances with the VPC.
- Secondary IP: ENI, including both primary and secondary ENIs, support the allocation of one or more secondary private IP addresses.
- Virtual Switch: the switch used by ECS for network communication between nodes.
- Pod Virtual Switch: the switch from which Pod IP addresses are allocated for Pod network communication. In Terway network mode, the Pod IP assigned is obtained from the subnet associated with this switch.

The Terway CNI mainly consists of two components:

- CNI Binary: this component interacts with Kubernetes CRI runtime, handling requests from the API Server to manage Pods and configure their network protocol stack. It also communicates with its own daemon component, which invokes the Alibaba Cloud OpenAPI for managing and connecting to network resources.

- Daemon Component: invoked by the CNI Binary, it is responsible for interacting with the Alibaba Cloud OpenAPI. It performs operations to manage VPC network resources such as creating and deleting ENIs and adding or removing secondary IPs.

To meet the diverse requirements of different users, Terway supports four different communication modes:

- VPC
- ENI
- ENIIP
- ENI-Trunking

Other contents:

[Terway Network Introduction](what.md)
