docs/en/docs/download/modules/insight.md, before:

# Insight

On this page, you can download the offline installation packages of each version of the observability module.

## Download

| Version  | Architecture | File Size | Package     | Checksum File      | Update Date |
|----------|--------------|-----------|-------------|--------------------|-------------|
| [v0.19.1](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0190) | AMD 64 | 2.64 GB | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.19.1_amd64.tar](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.19.1_amd64.tar) | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.19.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.19.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum) | 2023-08-04 |
| [v0.13.1](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md) | AMD64 | 2.41 GB | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.13.1_amd64.tar](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.13.1_amd64.tar) | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.13.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.13.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum) | 2022 -12-30 |

## Verification

In the directory where the offline installation package and verification file are downloaded,
take `v0.13.1_amd64` as an example, run the following command to verify the integrity:

```sh
echo "$(cat insight_v0.13.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum)" | sha512sum -c
```

After the verification is successful, the printed result is similar to:

```none
insight_v0.13.1_amd64.tar: ok
```

## Installation

Refer to [Observability](../../insight/quickstart/install/offline-install.md) installation process to install.

If you are installing for the first time, please [apply for a free trial](../../dce/license0.md) or contact us for authorization: email info@daocloud.io or call 400 002 6898.
If you have any license key related questions, please contact DaoCloud delivery team.

Commit message:

[insight] connect upgrade to download page

docs/en/docs/download/modules/insight.md, after:

# Insight

On this page, you can download the offline installation packages of each version of the observability module.

## Download

| Version  | Architecture | File Size | Package     | Checksum File      | Update Date |
|----------|--------------|-----------|-------------|--------------------|-------------|
| [v0.19.1](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0190) | AMD 64 | 2.64 GB | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.19.1_amd64.tar](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.19.1_amd64.tar) | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.19.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.19.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum) | 2023-08-04 |
| [v0.13.1](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md) | AMD64 | 2.41 GB | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.13.1_amd64.tar](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.13.1_amd64.tar) | [:arrow_down: insight_v0.13.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_Enterprise/insight_v0.13.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum) | 2022 -12-30 |

## Verification

In the directory where the offline installation package and verification file are downloaded,
take `v0.13.1_amd64` as an example, run the following command to verify the integrity:

```sh
echo "$(cat insight_v0.13.1_amd64_checksum.sha512sum)" | sha512sum -c
```

After the verification is successful, the printed result is similar to:

```none
insight_v0.13.1_amd64.tar: ok
```

## Installation

Refer to [Offline upgrade observability module](../../insight/quickstart/install/offline-install.md)
for installation instructions.

If you are installing for the first time, please [apply for a free trial](../../dce/license0.md) or contact us for authorization: email info@daocloud.io or call 400 002 6898.
If you have any license key related questions, please contact DaoCloud delivery team.
