docs/en/docs/download/addon/.template.md, before:

---
date: {{date}}
hide:
  - navigation
---

# Download Addons {{version}}

This page can download Addons for DCE 5.0.
For the use of offline Addon, it can be configured in clusterConfig.yaml, please refer to [DCE 5.0 installation process](../../install/index.md#_3).

[Return to Download Index](../index.md#download-addon-offline-package){ .md-button }
[More Historical Versions](./history.md){ .md-button }

## Download

| File Name | Version | Architecture | File Size | Downloads | Date Updated |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -- ---- | ----- | -------- | ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- --- | ---------- |
| {{amd.fileName}} | {{version}} | AMD64 | {{amd.size}} | [:arrow_down: Download]({{amd.downloadLink}}) | {{date}} |
| {{arm.fileName}} | {{version}} | ARM64 | {{arm.size}} | [:arrow_down: Download]({{arm.downloadLink}}) | {{date}} |

## Verification

Go to the download directory of the offline package.

=== "AMD64"

     Run the following command to verify integrity:

     ```sh
     echo "{{amd.checksum}}" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     After the verification is successful, the printed result is similar to:

     ```none
     {{amd.fileName}}: ok
     ```

=== "ARM64"

     Run the following command to verify integrity:

     ```sh
     echo "{{arm.checksum}}" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     After the verification is successful, the printed result is similar to:

     ```none
     {{arm.fileName}}: ok
     ```

## Usage

DCE 5.0 supports Addon offline. After downloading the offline package, open clusterConfig.yaml, modify the `addonOfflinePackagePath` field, and specify the path where the Addon is located.

## Addon offline package components

The v0.5.2 Addon offline package contains the following components:

=== "AMD64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | {{amd.version.metrics-server}} |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | {{amd.version.kubernetes-cronhpa-controller}} |
    | | vpa | {{amd.version.vpa}} |
    | | skoala-init | {{amd.version.skoala-init}} |
    | | velero | {{amd.version.velero}}|
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator | {{amd.version.rabbitmq-cluster-operator}} |
    | | eck-operator | {{amd.version.eck-operator}} |
    | | redis-cluster-operator | {{amd.version.redis-cluster-operator}} |
    | | strimzi-kafka-operator | {{amd.version.strimzi-kafka-operator}} |
    | | minio-operator | {{amd.version.minio-operator}} |
    | | jenkins | {{amd.version.jenkins}} |
    | | insight-agent | {{amd.version.insight-agent}} |
    | | coredns-metrics | {{amd.version.coredns-metrics}} |
    | | harbor-operator | {{amd.version.harbor-operator}} |
    | | spiderpool | {{amd.version.spiderpool}} |
    | | contour | {{amd.version.contour}} |
    | | multus-underlay | {{amd.version.multus-underlay}} |
    | | f5networks | {{amd.version.f5networks}} |
    | | metallb | {{amd.version.metallb}} |
    | | nmstate | {{amd.version.nmstate}} |
    | | neuvector | {{amd.version.neuvector}} |
    | | falco | {{amd.version.falco}} |
    | | falco-event-generator | {{amd.version.falco-event-generator}} |
    | | falco-exporter | {{amd.version.falco-exporter}} |
    | community | dao-2048 | {{amd.version.dao-2048}} |
    | | kube-node-tuning | {{amd.version.kube-node-tuning}} |
    | | node-problem-detector | {{amd.version.node-problem-detector}} |
    | | kuberhealthy | {{amd.version.kuberhealthy}} |
    | | kube-bench | {{amd.version.kube-bench}} |
    | | vela-core | {{amd.version.vela-core}} |
    | | wordpress | {{amd.version.wordpress}} |
    | | docker-registry | {{amd.version.docker-registry}} |
    | | argo-cd | {{amd.version.argo-cd}} |
    | | kubeview | {{amd.version.kubeview}} |
    | | prometheus-adapter | {{amd.version.prometheus-adapter}} |
    | | prometheus-node-exporter | {{amd.version.prometheus-node-exporter}} |
    | | kube-state-metrics | {{amd.version.kube-state-metrics}} |

=== "ARM64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | {{arm.version.metrics-server}} |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | {{arm.version.kubernetes-cronhpa-controller}} |
    | | vpa | {{arm.version.vpa}}|
    | | skoala-init | {{arm.version.skoala-init}} |
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator     | {{arm.version.rabbitmq-cluster-operator}}  |
    |           | eck-operator                  | {{arm.version.eck-operator}}  |
    |           | redis-cluster-operator        | {{arm.version.redis-cluster-operator}}  |
    |           | strimzi-kafka-operator        | {{arm.version.strimzi-kafka-operator}}  |
    |           | minio-operator                | {{arm.version.minio-operator}}  |
    |           | jenkins                       | {{arm.version.jenkins}}  |
    |           | insight-agent                 | {{arm.version.insight-agent}} |
    | community | dao-2048                      | {{arm.version.dao-2048}}  |
    |           | kube-node-tuning              | {{arm.version.kube-node-tuning}}  |
    |           | node-problem-detector         | {{arm.version.node-problem-detector}}  |
    |           | kuberhealthy                  | {{arm.version.kuberhealthy}}     |
    |           | vela-core                     | {{arm.version.vela-core}}  |
    |           | docker-registry               | {{arm.version.docker-registry}}  |
    |           | prometheus-adapter            | {{arm.version.prometheus-adapter}}  |
    |           | prometheus-node-exporter      | {{arm.version.prometheus-node-exporter}}  |
    |           | kube-state-metrics            | {{arm.version.kube-state-metrics}}  |

Commit message:

[en] Update download pages for scripts

docs/en/docs/download/addon/.template.md, after:

---
date: {{date}}
hide:
  - navigation
---

# Download Addons {{version}}

This page provides the option to download Addons for DCE 5.0. If you need to use the Addons offline,
you can configure them in the `clusterConfig.yaml` file. For detailed instructions, refer to the
[DCE 5.0 installation process](../../install/index.md#_3).

[Return to Download Index](../index.md#download-addon-offline-package){ .md-button }
[More Historical Versions](./history.md){ .md-button }

## Download

| Filename | Version | Architecture | File Size | Downloads | Update Date |
| --------- | ------- | ------------ | --------- | --------- | ---------- |
| {{amd.fileName}} | {{version}} | AMD64 | {{amd.size}} | [:arrow_down: Download]({{amd.downloadLink}}) | {{date}} |
| {{arm.fileName}} | {{version}} | ARM64 | {{arm.size}} | [:arrow_down: Download]({{arm.downloadLink}}) | {{date}} |

## Validation

Go to the download directory of the offline package.

=== "AMD64"

     Run the following command to validate integrity:

     ```sh
     echo "{{amd.checksum}}" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     After the validation is successful, the output is similar to:

     ```none
     {{amd.fileName}}: ok
     ```

=== "ARM64"

     Run the following command to validate integrity:

     ```sh
     echo "{{arm.checksum}}" | sha512sum -c
     ```

     After the validation is successful, the output is similar to:

     ```none
     {{arm.fileName}}: ok
     ```

## Usage

DCE 5.0 supports offline addons. After downloading the offline package, open clusterConfig.yaml,
modify the `addonOfflinePackagePath` field, and specify the path where the Addon is located.

## Included components

The offline package of Addon v0.5.2 includes the following components:

=== "AMD64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | ------------ | ---------- | -------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | {{amd.version.metrics-server}} |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | {{amd.version.kubernetes-cronhpa-controller}} |
    | | vpa | {{amd.version.vpa}} |
    | | skoala-init | {{amd.version.skoala-init}} |
    | | velero | {{amd.version.velero}}|
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator | {{amd.version.rabbitmq-cluster-operator}} |
    | | eck-operator | {{amd.version.eck-operator}} |
    | | redis-cluster-operator | {{amd.version.redis-cluster-operator}} |
    | | strimzi-kafka-operator | {{amd.version.strimzi-kafka-operator}} |
    | | minio-operator | {{amd.version.minio-operator}} |
    | | jenkins | {{amd.version.jenkins}} |
    | | insight-agent | {{amd.version.insight-agent}} |
    | | coredns-metrics | {{amd.version.coredns-metrics}} |
    | | harbor-operator | {{amd.version.harbor-operator}} |
    | | spiderpool | {{amd.version.spiderpool}} |
    | | contour | {{amd.version.contour}} |
    | | multus-underlay | {{amd.version.multus-underlay}} |
    | | f5networks | {{amd.version.f5networks}} |
    | | metallb | {{amd.version.metallb}} |
    | | nmstate | {{amd.version.nmstate}} |
    | | neuvector | {{amd.version.neuvector}} |
    | | falco | {{amd.version.falco}} |
    | | falco-event-generator | {{amd.version.falco-event-generator}} |
    | | falco-exporter | {{amd.version.falco-exporter}} |
    | community | dao-2048 | {{amd.version.dao-2048}} |
    | | kube-node-tuning | {{amd.version.kube-node-tuning}} |
    | | node-problem-detector | {{amd.version.node-problem-detector}} |
    | | kuberhealthy | {{amd.version.kuberhealthy}} |
    | | kube-bench | {{amd.version.kube-bench}} |
    | | vela-core | {{amd.version.vela-core}} |
    | | wordpress | {{amd.version.wordpress}} |
    | | docker-registry | {{amd.version.docker-registry}} |
    | | argo-cd | {{amd.version.argo-cd}} |
    | | kubeview | {{amd.version.kubeview}} |
    | | prometheus-adapter | {{amd.version.prometheus-adapter}} |
    | | prometheus-node-exporter | {{amd.version.prometheus-node-exporter}} |
    | | kube-state-metrics | {{amd.version.kube-state-metrics}} |

=== "ARM64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | {{arm.version.metrics-server}} |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | {{arm.version.kubernetes-cronhpa-controller}} |
    | | vpa | {{arm.version.vpa}}|
    | | skoala-init | {{arm.version.skoala-init}} |
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator     | {{arm.version.rabbitmq-cluster-operator}}  |
    |           | eck-operator                  | {{arm.version.eck-operator}}  |
    |           | redis-cluster-operator        | {{arm.version.redis-cluster-operator}}  |
    |           | strimzi-kafka-operator        | {{arm.version.strimzi-kafka-operator}}  |
    |           | minio-operator                | {{arm.version.minio-operator}}  |
    |           | jenkins                       | {{arm.version.jenkins}}  |
    |           | insight-agent                 | {{arm.version.insight-agent}} |
    | community | dao-2048                      | {{arm.version.dao-2048}}  |
    |           | kube-node-tuning              | {{arm.version.kube-node-tuning}}  |
    |           | node-problem-detector         | {{arm.version.node-problem-detector}}  |
    |           | kuberhealthy                  | {{arm.version.kuberhealthy}}     |
    |           | vela-core                     | {{arm.version.vela-core}}  |
    |           | docker-registry               | {{arm.version.docker-registry}}  |
    |           | prometheus-adapter            | {{arm.version.prometheus-adapter}}  |
    |           | prometheus-node-exporter      | {{arm.version.prometheus-node-exporter}}  |
    |           | kube-state-metrics            | {{arm.version.kube-state-metrics}}  |
