docs/en/docs/download/addon/v0.6.0.md, before:

---
hide:
  - navigation
---

# Download Addon v0.6.0

This page can download Addon offline package for DCE 5.0.
For the use of offline Addon, it can be configured in clusterConfig.yaml, please refer to [DCE 5.0 installation process](../../install/index.md#install-enterprise-package).

[Return to Download Index](../index.md#download-addon-offline-package){ .md-button }
[More Historical Versions](./history.md){ .md-button }

## Download

| File Name | Version | Architecture | File Size | Downloads | Date Updated |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -- ---- | ----- | -------- | ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- --- | ---------- |
| addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar.gz | v0.6.0 | AMD64 | 9.9 GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_DigitalX_Addon/addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar.gz) | 2023-04-14 |
| addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar.gz | v0.6.0 | ARM64 | 5.2 GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_DigitalX_Addon/addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar.gz) | 2023-04-14 |

## Verification

Go to the download directory of the offline package.

=== "AMD64"

    Run the following command to verify integrity:

    ```sh
    echo "54dc896be65785a8b7403524bd4bf4f88bf805aeec293cc17f229b5ab48ba925bd2895b8a51be2ce6a1cebb999918898c8d0ce74bc86f1d5567096485d8a708e addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar.gz" | sha512sum -c
    ```

    After the verification is successful, the printed result is similar to:

    ```none
    addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar: ok
    ```

=== "ARM64"

    Run the following command to verify integrity:

    ```sh
    echo "a006eab626ee767544cfd8757cdff6335ea1089e90f7aa3333fa2a33c0c4f87dca0afb3c7275bce940fd76984257da0e577c58d951647527933b937dc7fffa46 add on-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar.gz" | sha512sum -c
    ```

    After the verification is successful, the printed result is similar to:

    ```none
    addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar: ok
    ```

## Usage

DCE 5.0 supports Addon offline. After downloading the offline package, open clusterConfig.yaml, modify the `addonOfflinePackagePath` field, and specify the path where the Addon is located.

## Addon offline package components

The v0.6.0 Addon offline package contains the following components:

=== "AMD64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | v3.8.3 |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | v1.3.0 |
    | | vpa | v1.5.0 |
    | | skoala-init | v0.18.0 |
    | | velero | 3.0.0 |
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator | v0.8.0 |
    | | eck-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | redis-cluster-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | strimzi-kafka-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | minio-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | jenkins | v0.1.4 |
    | | insight-agent | v0.14.5 |
    | | coredns-metrics | v0.1.0 |
    | | harbor-operator | 1.4.0 |
    | | spiderpool | 0.3.6 |
    | | contour | 10.2.2 |
    | | multus-underlay | 0.2.1 |
    | | f5networks | 0.2.2 |
    | | metallb | 0.13.9 |
    | | nmstate | 0.74.0 |
    | | neuvector | 2.4.2 |
    | | falco | 2.0.17 |
    | | falco-event-generator | 0.1.1 |
    | | falco-exporter | 0.8.2 |
    | community | dao-2048 | v1.3.1 |
    | | kube-node-tuning | v0.3.0 |
    | | node-problem-detector | v1.3.1 |
    | | kuberhealthy | v90 |
    | | kube-bench | 0.1.5 |
    | | vela-core | v1.6.7 |
    | | wordpress | 15.2.39 |
    | | docker-registry | v2.2.2 |
    | | argo-cd | 5.16.13 |
    | | kubeview | 2.7.1 |
    | | prometheus-adapter | v4.1.1 |
    | | prometheus-node-exporter | v4.6.0 |
    | | kube-state-metrics | v2.3.0 |

=== "ARM64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | v3.8.3 |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | v1.3.0 |
    | | vpa | v1.5.0 |
    | | skoala-init | v0.18.0 |
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator | v0.8.0 |
    | | eck-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | redis-cluster-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | strimzi-kafka-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | minio-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | jenkins | v0.1.4 |
    | | insight-agent                 | v0.14.5 |
    | community | dao-2048                      | v1.3.1  |
    |           | kube-node-tuning              | v0.3.0  |
    |           | node-problem-detector         | v1.3.1  |
    |           | kuberhealthy                  | v90     |
    |           | vela-core                     | v1.6.7  |
    |           | docker-registry               | v2.2.2  |
    |           | prometheus-adapter            | v4.1.1  |
    |           | prometheus-node-exporter      | v4.6.0  |
    |           | kube-state-metrics            | v2.3.0  |

Commit message:

[en] Update download pages for scripts

docs/en/docs/download/addon/v0.6.0.md, after:

---
hide:
  - navigation
---

# Download Addon v0.6.0

This page can download Addon offline package for DCE 5.0.
For the use of offline Addon, it can be configured in clusterConfig.yaml, refer to [DCE 5.0 installation process](../../install/index.md#install-enterprise-package).

[Return to Download Index](../index.md#download-addon-offline-package){ .md-button }
[More Historical Versions](./history.md){ .md-button }

## Download

| Filename | Version | Architecture | File Size | Downloads | Update Date |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -- ---- | ----- | -------- | ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- --- | ---------- |
| addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar.gz | v0.6.0 | AMD64 | 9.9 GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_DigitalX_Addon/addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar.gz) | 2023-04-14 |
| addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar.gz | v0.6.0 | ARM64 | 5.2 GB | [:arrow_down: Download](https://qiniu-download-public.daocloud.io/DaoCloud_DigitalX_Addon/addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar.gz) | 2023-04-14 |

## Validation

Go to the download directory of the offline package.

=== "AMD64"

    Run the following command to validate integrity:

    ```sh
    echo "54dc896be65785a8b7403524bd4bf4f88bf805aeec293cc17f229b5ab48ba925bd2895b8a51be2ce6a1cebb999918898c8d0ce74bc86f1d5567096485d8a708e addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar.gz" | sha512sum -c
    ```

    After the validation is successful, the output is similar to:

    ```none
    addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-amd64.tar: ok
    ```

=== "ARM64"

    Run the following command to validate integrity:

    ```sh
    echo "a006eab626ee767544cfd8757cdff6335ea1089e90f7aa3333fa2a33c0c4f87dca0afb3c7275bce940fd76984257da0e577c58d951647527933b937dc7fffa46 add on-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar.gz" | sha512sum -c
    ```

    After the validation is successful, the output is similar to:

    ```none
    addon-offline-full-package-v0.6.0-arm64.tar: ok
    ```

## Usage

DCE 5.0 supports Addon offline. After downloading the offline package, open clusterConfig.yaml, modify the `addonOfflinePackagePath` field, and specify the path where the Addon is located.

## Included components

The offline package of Addon v0.6.0 includes the following components:

=== "AMD64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | v3.8.3 |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | v1.3.0 |
    | | vpa | v1.5.0 |
    | | skoala-init | v0.18.0 |
    | | velero | 3.0.0 |
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator | v0.8.0 |
    | | eck-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | redis-cluster-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | strimzi-kafka-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | minio-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | jenkins | v0.1.4 |
    | | insight-agent | v0.14.5 |
    | | coredns-metrics | v0.1.0 |
    | | harbor-operator | 1.4.0 |
    | | spiderpool | 0.3.6 |
    | | contour | 10.2.2 |
    | | multus-underlay | 0.2.1 |
    | | f5networks | 0.2.2 |
    | | metallb | 0.13.9 |
    | | nmstate | 0.74.0 |
    | | neuvector | 2.4.2 |
    | | falco | 2.0.17 |
    | | falco-event-generator | 0.1.1 |
    | | falco-exporter | 0.8.2 |
    | community | dao-2048 | v1.3.1 |
    | | kube-node-tuning | v0.3.0 |
    | | node-problem-detector | v1.3.1 |
    | | kuberhealthy | v90 |
    | | kube-bench | 0.1.5 |
    | | vela-core | v1.6.7 |
    | | wordpress | 15.2.39 |
    | | docker-registry | v2.2.2 |
    | | argo-cd | 5.16.13 |
    | | kubeview | 2.7.1 |
    | | prometheus-adapter | v4.1.1 |
    | | prometheus-node-exporter | v4.6.0 |
    | | kube-state-metrics | v2.3.0 |

=== "ARM64"

    | Repositories | Components | Versions |
    | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------- |
    | addon | metrics-server | v3.8.3 |
    | | kubernetes-cronhpa-controller | v1.3.0 |
    | | vpa | v1.5.0 |
    | | skoala-init | v0.18.0 |
    | | rabbitmq-cluster-operator | v0.8.0 |
    | | eck-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | redis-cluster-operator | v0.5.0 |
    | | strimzi-kafka-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | minio-operator | v0.3.0 |
    | | jenkins | v0.1.4 |
    | | insight-agent                 | v0.14.5 |
    | community | dao-2048                      | v1.3.1  |
    |           | kube-node-tuning              | v0.3.0  |
    |           | node-problem-detector         | v1.3.1  |
    |           | kuberhealthy                  | v90     |
    |           | vela-core                     | v1.6.7  |
    |           | docker-registry               | v2.2.2  |
    |           | prometheus-adapter            | v4.1.1  |
    |           | prometheus-node-exporter      | v4.6.0  |
    |           | kube-state-metrics            | v2.3.0  |
