docs/en/docs/amamba/user-guide/pipeline/run/manual.md, before:

# Manually run the pipeline

This page describes manual pipeline execution on the GUI, including immediate execution, rerun, and cancel run.

## Run the pipeline immediately

1. Select a pipeline on the pipeline list page, click __︙__ , and click __Run Now__ in the pop-up menu.

   <!--![]()screenshots-->

2. Depending on whether the pipeline is configured with __build parameters__ , the following two situations will occur after execution:

   - If __Build Parameters__ is configured, a dialog box will appear and display relevant content for parameter configuration.

     <!--![]()screenshots-->

   - If no __build parameter__ is configured, the pipeline executes immediately.

3. The pipeline starts executing.

   <!--![]()screenshots-->

## Rerun the pipeline

On the pipeline details page, according to the execution ID in the pipeline running record, you can __rerun__ the pipeline that has already been run.

1. In the pipeline list, click the name of a certain pipeline to enter the pipeline details page.

2. In the __Run Record__ area, find the __Execution ID__ that needs to be re-run.

3. Click __︙__ on the right, and click __Rerun__ in the pop-up menu.

   <!--![]()screenshots-->

4. The pipeline reruns successfully.

   <!--![]()screenshots-->

## Cancel running the pipeline

On the pipeline details page, according to the __execution ID__ in the pipeline running record, you can __cancel__ the executing pipeline.

1. In the pipeline list, click the name of a certain pipeline to enter the pipeline details page.

2. In the __Operation Record__ area, find the __Execution ID__ that needs to be canceled.

3. Click __︙__ on the right, and click __Cancel__ in the pop-up menu (applicable to pipelines whose status is __Executing__ ).

   <!--![]()screenshots-->

4. The pipeline cancellation operation is successful.

   <!--![]()screenshots-->

Commit message:

add amamba-manual-trigger-pipelines images

docs/en/docs/amamba/user-guide/pipeline/run/manual.md, after:

---
MTPE: FanLin
Date: 2024-01-11
---

# Manual Trigger Pipelines

This page describes manual pipeline execution on the GUI, including immediate running, rerun, and cancel running.

## Run the pipeline immediately

1. Select a pipeline on the pipeline list page, click __︙__ , and click __Run Now__ in the pop-up menu.

   ![Run Now](../../../images/mantriger01.png)

2. Depending on whether the pipeline is configured with __Build Parameters__ , the following two situations will occur after running:

   - If __Build Parameters__ is configured, a dialog box will appear and display relevant content for parameter configuration.

   - If no __Build Parameters__ is configured, the pipeline executes immediately.

3. The pipeline starts running.

   ![Run Pipelines](../../../images/mantriger02.png)

## Rerun a pipeline

On the pipeline details page, you can __Rerun__ a pipeline that has been executed before based on the job ID in the pipeline running records.

1. In the pipeline list, click the name of a certain pipeline to enter the pipeline details page.

2. In the __Running Records__ area, find the __Job ID__ that needs to be rerun.

3. Click __︙__ on the right, and click __Rerun__ in the pop-up menu.

   ![Rerun](../../../images/mantriger03.png)

4. The pipeline reruns successfully.

   ![Rerun Successfully](../../../images/mantriger04.png)

## Cancel running the pipeline

On the pipeline details page, according to the __Job ID__ in the pipeline running record, you can __Cancel__ the executing pipeline.

1. In the pipeline list, click the name of a certain pipeline to enter the pipeline details page.

2. In the __Running Records__ area, find the __Job ID__ that needs to be canceled.

3. Click __︙__ on the right, and click __Cancel__ in the pop-up menu (applicable to pipelines whose status is __Running__ ).

   ![Cancel Running](../../../images/mantriger05.png)

4. The pipeline is canceled successfully.

   ![Cancel Successfully](../../../images/mantriger06.png)
