docs/en/docs/ghippo/oem/oem-in.md, before:

# How to Integrate Customer Platform into DCE 5.0 (OEM IN)

OEM IN refers to embedding a partner's platform as a sub-module in DCE 5.0, appearing in the top-level navigation bar of DCE 5.0. Users can log in and manage the platform through DCE 5.0. The implementation of OEM IN involves 5 steps:

1. Unified domain name
2. Integration of user systems
3. Integration of navigation bar
4. Customizing appearance
5. Integration of permission systems (optional)

For detailed instructions, please refer to the [OEM IN best practices video tutorial](../../videos/use-cases.md#dce-50_2).

!!! note

    The following demonstration uses two instances of DCE 5.0 for nesting purposes.

## Environment Setup

1. Deploy two instances of DCE 5.0:

   - `http://192.168.1.6:30444` as DCE 5.0
   - `http://192.168.1.6:30080` as the customer platform
   
   Adjust the operations on the customer platform according to your actual situation.

2. Plan the subpath path for the customer platform: `http://192.168.1.6:30080/external-anyproduct/`
   (It is highly recommended to use a distinctive name as the subpath, and it should not conflict with the main DCE 5.0 HTTP router!!)

!!! note

    1. This article uses HTTP for deploying DCE 5.0. In practical applications, you can use either HTTP or TLS certificates from public sources. Please do not use self-signed TLS certificates.
    2. In this article, `/external-anyproduct` represents the subpath of the customer platform. Replace it with your subpath.
    3. In this article, `http://192.168.1.6:30444` is the access address for DCE 5.0, and `http://192.168.1.6:30080` is the access address for the customer platform. Replace them with your DCE 5.0 access address and customer platform access address.

## Unified Domain Name

### 1. Configure subpath for the customer platform

1. SSH into the customer platform server.
2. Use the vim command to create the subpath-envoyfilter.yaml file.

    ```bash
    vim subpath-envoyfilter.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
    kind: EnvoyFilter
    metadata:
      name: subpath-envoyfilter
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      workloadSelector:
        labels:
          istio: ingressgateway
      configPatches:
        - applyTo: HTTP_FILTER
          match:
            context: GATEWAY
            listener:
              filterChain:
                filter:
                  name: envoy.filters.network.http_connection_manager
                  subFilter:
                    name: envoy.filters.http.router
          patch:
            operation: INSERT_BEFORE
            value:
              name: envoy.lua
              typed_config:
                "@type": type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua
                inlineCode: |-
                  function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
                    local path = request_handle:headers():get(":path")
                    # change it to your desired subpath
                    local mysubpath = "/external-anyproduct"
                    if string.sub(path,1,string.len(mysubpath)) ~= mysubpath then
                        return
                    end
                    local _, _, rest = string.find(path, "/[^/]+/(.*)")
                    if rest then
                      request_handle:headers():replace(":path", "/" .. rest)
                    end
                  end
    ---
    apiVersion: security.istio.io/v1
    kind: AuthorizationPolicy
    metadata:
      # Please edit the object below. Lines beginning with a '#' will be ignored,
      name: mysubpath
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      rules:
        - to:
            - operation:
                paths:
                  # change it to your desired subpath
                  # This config is only for dev environment rather than a production environment because it may cause AuthN failure!!!
                  - /external-anyproduct*
        - from:
            - source:
                requestPrincipals:
                  - "*"
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: istio-ingressgateway
    ```

1. Apply the subpath-envoyfilter.yaml using the kubectl command:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f subpath-envoyfilter.yaml
    ```

2. Use the helm command to retrieve the version of ghippo:

    ```bash
    helm get notes ghippo -n ghippo-system | grep "Chart Version" | awk -F ': ' '{ print $2 }' (In this article, the ghippo version is 0.19.2)
    ```

3. Use the helm command to retrieve the helm values:

    ```bash
    helm get values ghippo -n ghippo-system > dce5-slave-values.yaml
    ```

4. Use the vim command to edit the dce5-slave-values.yaml file.

    ```bash
    vim dce5-slave-values.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    USER-SUPPLIED VALUES:
    USER-SUPPLIED VALUES: null
    anakin:
      replicaCount: 1
    apiserver:
      replicaCount: 1
    auditserver:
      replicaCount: 1
    controllermanager:
      replicaCount: 1
    global:
      # Change it to the domain (IP) + subpath</font> of primary DCE 5.0
      reverseProxy: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct
      storage:
        audit:
        - driver: mysql
          dsn: audit:changeme@tcp(ghippo-mysql.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:3306)/audit?charset=utf8mb4&multiStatements=true&parseTime=true
        builtIn: true
        ghippo:
        - driver: mysql
          dsn: ghippo:changeme@tcp(ghippo-mysql.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:3306)/ghippo?charset=utf8mb4&multiStatements=true&parseTime=true
        keycloak:
        - driver: mysql
          dsn: keycloak:changeme@tcp(ghippo-mysql.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:3306)/keycloak?charset=utf8mb4
    keycloakx:
      replicas: 1
    ui:
      replicaCount: 1
    ```

1. Apply the dce5-slave-values.yaml configuration using the helm command (Note: Replace the version number):

    ```bash
    helm upgrade ghippo ghippo/ghippo -n ghippo-system -f dce5-slave-values.yaml --version v0.19.2 --debug
    ```

2. Restart the ghippo pod using the kubectl command to apply the configuration:

    ```bash
    kubectl rollout restart deploy/ghippo-apiserver -n ghippo-system
    kubectl rollout restart statefulset/ghippo-keycloakx -n ghippo-system
    ```

### 2. Configure the jwksUri discovery address for the customer platform in DCE 5.0

1. Log in to the DCE 5.0 server via SSH.
2. Use the vim command to create the `external-svc-anyproduct.yaml` file.

    ```bash
    vim external-svc-anyproduct.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1beta1
    kind: ServiceEntry
    metadata:
      name: external-svc-anyproduct
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      exportTo:
      - "*"
      addresses:
      - 172.168.1.6
      hosts:
      - external.svc.anyproduct
      ports:
      # Change it to client port
      - number: 30080
        name: http
        protocol: HTTP
      location: MESH_EXTERNAL
      resolution: STATIC
      endpoints:
      # Change it to client domain (or IP)
      - address: 192.168.1.6
        ports:
          # Change it to client port
          http: 30080
    ```

1. Apply the external-svc-anyproduct.yaml using the kubectl command:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f external-svc-anyproduct.yaml
   ```

2. Use the kubectl command to modify the DCE 5.0 RequestAuthentication CR resource:

    ```bash
    kubectl edit RequestAuthentication ghippo -n istio-system
    ```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: security.istio.io/v1
    kind: RequestAuthentication
    metadata:
      name: ghippo
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      jwtRules:
      # New rule 1
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        # Primary DCE 5.0 domain (or IP) + subpath + /auth/realms/ghippo
        issuer: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct/auth/realms/ghippo
        # Primary DCE 5.0 domain (or IP) + subpath + /auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs
        jwksUri: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct/auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs?1692515854
      # New rule 2
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: ghippo.io
        # Primary DCE 5.0 domain (or IP) + subpath + /apis/ghippo.io/v1alpha1/certs
        jwksUri: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct/apis/ghippo.io/v1alpha1/certs?1692515854

      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: http://192.168.1.6:30444/auth/realms/ghippo
        jwksUri: http://ghippo-keycloakx-http.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local/auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs?1692515854
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: http://ghippo-keycloakx-http.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local/auth/realms/ghippo
        jwksUri: http://ghippo-keycloakx-http.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local/auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs?1692515854
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: ghippo.io
        jwksUri: http://ghippo-apiserver.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:80/apis/ghippo.io/v1alpha1/certs?1692515854
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: istio-ingressgateway
    ```

## Docking User Systems

Integrate the customer platform with the DCE 5.0 platform using protocols such as OIDC/OAUTH, allowing users to access the customer platform without having to log in again after logging into the DCE 5.0 platform.

1. In the scenario of two instances of DCE 5.0, you can create an SSO integration under DCE 5.0 `Global Management` -> `Users and Access Control` -> `Access Management`.

    ![Access Management List](./images/oemin-jierulist.png)

    ![Access Management List](./images/oem-out01.png)

2. After creation, fill in the client ID, secret key, single sign-on URL, and other details from the Access Management page into the customer platform's `Global Management` -> `Users and Access Control` -> `Identity Providers` -> `OIDC`, completing the user integration.

    ![OIDC](./images/oeminoidc.png)

3. After integration, the customer platform login page will display the OIDC (Custom) option. When accessing the customer platform from the DCE 5.0 platform for the first time, select OIDC as the login method. Subsequently, users will be directly redirected to the customer platform without needing to choose again.

    ![Login Page](./images/oeminlogin.png)

## Docking Navigation Bar

Refer to the tar package provided in the documentation below to create a blank frontend sub-application. Embed the customer platform within this blank application using an iframe.

1. Download the gproduct-demo-main.tar.gz file. Open the App-iframe.vue file located in the src folder and modify the value of the src attribute to the absolute address that users will use to access the customer platform, such as: `src="http://192.168.1.6/external-anyproduct"` (DCE 5.0 address + subpath) or a relative address, such as: `src="./external-anyproduct/insight"`

   ![src address](./images/src.png)

2. Delete the App.vue and main.ts files from the src folder. Rename the App-iframe.vue file to App.vue and the main-iframe.ts file to main.ts.
3. Edit the demo.yaml file.

    ```bash
    vim demo.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    kind: Namespace
    apiVersion: v1
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
    ---
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
      namespace: gproduct-demo
      labels:
        app: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      ...
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
      namespace: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      ...
    ---
    apiVersion: ghippo.io/v1alpha1
    kind: GProductNavigator
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      ...
    ---
    apiVersion: ghippo.io/v1alpha1
    kind: GProductProxy
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      gproduct: gproduct-demo
      proxies:
        ...
        # Add a rule to replace '/external-anyproduct' with your subpath
        - match:
            uri:
              prefix: /external-anyproduct
          destination:
            host: external.svc.anyproduct
            # Replace the port number with the port number of the customer platform (defined in the ServiceEntry).
            port: 30080
          authnCheck: false
    ```

1. Follow the steps in the readme file to build the image (Note: Before executing the last step, replace the image address in demo.yaml with the built image address).

   ![Build Image](./images/oemin-image.png)

Once the integration is complete, the "Customer Platform" will appear in the top-level navigation bar of DCE 5.0. Clicking on it will take you to the customer platform.

![Customer Platform](./images/oemin-menu.png)

## Customizing Appearance

!!! note

    DCE 5.0 supports customizing the appearance using CSS. The actual implementation of appearance customization for the customer platform may vary depending on the specific requirements.

Login to the customer platform and navigate to `Global Management` -> `Platform Settings` -> `Appearance Customization` to customize the platform's background color, logo, name, and more.
For detailed instructions, please refer to [Appearance Customization](../user-guide/platform-setting/appearance.md).

## Integration of Authorization System (Optional)

**Solution Approach 1:**

Custom teams can implement a custom module where DCE 5 will notify every user login event through a Webhook. The custom module can then use the [OpenAPI](https://docs.daocloud.io/openapi/) of AnyProduct and DCE 5.0 to synchronize the user's permission information.

**Solution Approach 2:**

If required, every authorization change can be notified to AnyProduct using the Webhook method (implementation can be done later).

### Leveraging Other Capabilities of DCE 5.0 in AnyProduct (Optional)

The method involves using DCE 5.0's [OpenAPI](https://docs.daocloud.io/openapi/).

## References

- [Refer to OEM OUT documentation](./oem-out.md)
- Refer to [gProduct-demo-main integration tar package](./examples/gproduct-demo-main.tar.gz)

Commit message:

Replace customer platform with custom system

docs/en/docs/ghippo/oem/oem-in.md, after:

# How to Integrate Customer System into DCE 5.0 (OEM IN)

OEM IN refers to embedding a partner's platform as a sub-module in DCE 5.0, appearing in the top-level navigation bar of DCE 5.0. Users can log in and manage the platform through DCE 5.0. The implementation of OEM IN involves 5 steps:

1. Unified domain name
2. Integration of user systems
3. Integration of navigation bar
4. Customizing appearance
5. Integration of permission systems (optional)

For detailed instructions, please refer to the [OEM IN best practices video tutorial](../../videos/use-cases.md#dce-50_2).

!!! note

    The following demonstration uses two instances of DCE 5.0 for nesting purposes.

## Environment Setup

1. Deploy two instances of DCE 5.0:

   - `http://192.168.1.6:30444` as DCE 5.0
   - `http://192.168.1.6:30080` as the customer system
   
   Adjust the operations on the customer system according to your actual situation.

2. Plan the subpath path for the customer system: `http://192.168.1.6:30080/external-anyproduct/`
   (It is highly recommended to use a distinctive name as the subpath, and it should not conflict with the main DCE 5.0 HTTP router!!)

!!! note

    1. This article uses HTTP for deploying DCE 5.0. In practical applications, you can use either HTTP or TLS certificates from public sources. Please do not use self-signed TLS certificates.
    2. In this article, `/external-anyproduct` represents the subpath of the customer system. Replace it with your subpath.
    3. In this article, `http://192.168.1.6:30444` is the access address for DCE 5.0, and `http://192.168.1.6:30080` is the access address for the customer system. Replace them with your DCE 5.0 access address and customer system access address.

## Unified Domain Name

### 1. Configure subpath for the customer system

1. SSH into the customer system server.
2. Use the vim command to create the subpath-envoyfilter.yaml file.

    ```bash
    vim subpath-envoyfilter.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
    kind: EnvoyFilter
    metadata:
      name: subpath-envoyfilter
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      workloadSelector:
        labels:
          istio: ingressgateway
      configPatches:
        - applyTo: HTTP_FILTER
          match:
            context: GATEWAY
            listener:
              filterChain:
                filter:
                  name: envoy.filters.network.http_connection_manager
                  subFilter:
                    name: envoy.filters.http.router
          patch:
            operation: INSERT_BEFORE
            value:
              name: envoy.lua
              typed_config:
                "@type": type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua
                inlineCode: |-
                  function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
                    local path = request_handle:headers():get(":path")
                    # change it to your desired subpath
                    local mysubpath = "/external-anyproduct"
                    if string.sub(path,1,string.len(mysubpath)) ~= mysubpath then
                        return
                    end
                    local _, _, rest = string.find(path, "/[^/]+/(.*)")
                    if rest then
                      request_handle:headers():replace(":path", "/" .. rest)
                    end
                  end
    ---
    apiVersion: security.istio.io/v1
    kind: AuthorizationPolicy
    metadata:
      # Please edit the object below. Lines beginning with a '#' will be ignored,
      name: mysubpath
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      rules:
        - to:
            - operation:
                paths:
                  # change it to your desired subpath
                  # This config is only for dev environment rather than a production environment because it may cause AuthN failure!!!
                  - /external-anyproduct*
        - from:
            - source:
                requestPrincipals:
                  - "*"
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: istio-ingressgateway
    ```

1. Apply the subpath-envoyfilter.yaml using the kubectl command:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f subpath-envoyfilter.yaml
    ```

2. Use the helm command to retrieve the version of ghippo:

    ```bash
    helm get notes ghippo -n ghippo-system | grep "Chart Version" | awk -F ': ' '{ print $2 }' (In this article, the ghippo version is 0.19.2)
    ```

3. Use the helm command to retrieve the helm values:

    ```bash
    helm get values ghippo -n ghippo-system > dce5-slave-values.yaml
    ```

4. Use the vim command to edit the dce5-slave-values.yaml file.

    ```bash
    vim dce5-slave-values.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    USER-SUPPLIED VALUES:
    USER-SUPPLIED VALUES: null
    anakin:
      replicaCount: 1
    apiserver:
      replicaCount: 1
    auditserver:
      replicaCount: 1
    controllermanager:
      replicaCount: 1
    global:
      # Change it to the domain (IP) + subpath</font> of primary DCE 5.0
      reverseProxy: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct
      storage:
        audit:
        - driver: mysql
          dsn: audit:changeme@tcp(ghippo-mysql.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:3306)/audit?charset=utf8mb4&multiStatements=true&parseTime=true
        builtIn: true
        ghippo:
        - driver: mysql
          dsn: ghippo:changeme@tcp(ghippo-mysql.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:3306)/ghippo?charset=utf8mb4&multiStatements=true&parseTime=true
        keycloak:
        - driver: mysql
          dsn: keycloak:changeme@tcp(ghippo-mysql.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:3306)/keycloak?charset=utf8mb4
    keycloakx:
      replicas: 1
    ui:
      replicaCount: 1
    ```

1. Apply the dce5-slave-values.yaml configuration using the helm command (Note: Replace the version number):

    ```bash
    helm upgrade ghippo ghippo/ghippo -n ghippo-system -f dce5-slave-values.yaml --version v0.19.2 --debug
    ```

2. Restart the ghippo pod using the kubectl command to apply the configuration:

    ```bash
    kubectl rollout restart deploy/ghippo-apiserver -n ghippo-system
    kubectl rollout restart statefulset/ghippo-keycloakx -n ghippo-system
    ```

### 2. Configure the jwksUri discovery address for the customer system in DCE 5.0

1. Log in to the DCE 5.0 server via SSH.
2. Use the vim command to create the `external-svc-anyproduct.yaml` file.

    ```bash
    vim external-svc-anyproduct.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1beta1
    kind: ServiceEntry
    metadata:
      name: external-svc-anyproduct
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      exportTo:
      - "*"
      addresses:
      - 172.168.1.6
      hosts:
      - external.svc.anyproduct
      ports:
      # Change it to client port
      - number: 30080
        name: http
        protocol: HTTP
      location: MESH_EXTERNAL
      resolution: STATIC
      endpoints:
      # Change it to client domain (or IP)
      - address: 192.168.1.6
        ports:
          # Change it to client port
          http: 30080
    ```

1. Apply the external-svc-anyproduct.yaml using the kubectl command:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f external-svc-anyproduct.yaml
   ```

2. Use the kubectl command to modify the DCE 5.0 RequestAuthentication CR resource:

    ```bash
    kubectl edit RequestAuthentication ghippo -n istio-system
    ```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: security.istio.io/v1
    kind: RequestAuthentication
    metadata:
      name: ghippo
      namespace: istio-system
    spec:
      jwtRules:
      # New rule 1
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        # Primary DCE 5.0 domain (or IP) + subpath + /auth/realms/ghippo
        issuer: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct/auth/realms/ghippo
        # Primary DCE 5.0 domain (or IP) + subpath + /auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs
        jwksUri: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct/auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs?1692515854
      # New rule 2
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: ghippo.io
        # Primary DCE 5.0 domain (or IP) + subpath + /apis/ghippo.io/v1alpha1/certs
        jwksUri: http://192.168.1.6:30444/external-anyproduct/apis/ghippo.io/v1alpha1/certs?1692515854

      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: http://192.168.1.6:30444/auth/realms/ghippo
        jwksUri: http://ghippo-keycloakx-http.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local/auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs?1692515854
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: http://ghippo-keycloakx-http.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local/auth/realms/ghippo
        jwksUri: http://ghippo-keycloakx-http.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local/auth/realms/ghippo/protocol/openid-connect/certs?1692515854
      - forwardOriginalToken: true
        issuer: ghippo.io
        jwksUri: http://ghippo-apiserver.ghippo-system.svc.cluster.local:80/apis/ghippo.io/v1alpha1/certs?1692515854
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: istio-ingressgateway
    ```

## Docking User Systems

Integrate the customer system with the DCE 5.0 platform using protocols such as OIDC/OAUTH, allowing users to access the customer system without having to log in again after logging into the DCE 5.0 platform.

1. In the scenario of two instances of DCE 5.0, you can create an SSO integration under DCE 5.0 `Global Management` -> `Users and Access Control` -> `Access Management`.

    ![Access Management List](./images/oemin-jierulist.png)

    ![Access Management List](./images/oem-out01.png)

2. After creation, fill in the client ID, secret key, single sign-on URL, and other details from the Access Management page into the customer system's `Global Management` -> `Users and Access Control` -> `Identity Providers` -> `OIDC`, completing the user integration.

    ![OIDC](./images/oeminoidc.png)

3. After integration, the customer system login page will display the OIDC (Custom) option. When accessing the customer system from the DCE 5.0 platform for the first time, select OIDC as the login method. Subsequently, users will be directly redirected to the customer system without needing to choose again.

    ![Login Page](./images/oeminlogin.png)

## Docking Navigation Bar

Refer to the tar package provided in the documentation below to create a blank frontend sub-application. Embed the customer system within this blank application using an iframe.

1. Download the gproduct-demo-main.tar.gz file. Open the App-iframe.vue file located in the src folder and modify the value of the src attribute to the absolute address that users will use to access the customer system, such as: `src="http://192.168.1.6/external-anyproduct"` (DCE 5.0 address + subpath) or a relative address, such as: `src="./external-anyproduct/insight"`

   ![src address](./images/src.png)

2. Delete the App.vue and main.ts files from the src folder. Rename the App-iframe.vue file to App.vue and the main-iframe.ts file to main.ts.
3. Edit the demo.yaml file.

    ```bash
    vim demo.yaml
    ```

    ```yaml
    kind: Namespace
    apiVersion: v1
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
    ---
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
      namespace: gproduct-demo
      labels:
        app: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      ...
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
      namespace: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      ...
    ---
    apiVersion: ghippo.io/v1alpha1
    kind: GProductNavigator
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      ...
    ---
    apiVersion: ghippo.io/v1alpha1
    kind: GProductProxy
    metadata:
      name: gproduct-demo
    spec:
      gproduct: gproduct-demo
      proxies:
        ...
        # Add a rule to replace '/external-anyproduct' with your subpath
        - match:
            uri:
              prefix: /external-anyproduct
          destination:
            host: external.svc.anyproduct
            # Replace the port number with the port number of the customer system (defined in the ServiceEntry).
            port: 30080
          authnCheck: false
    ```

1. Follow the steps in the readme file to build the image (Note: Before executing the last step, replace the image address in demo.yaml with the built image address).

   ![Build Image](./images/oemin-image.png)

Once the integration is complete, the "Customer System" will appear in the top-level navigation bar of DCE 5.0. Clicking on it will take you to the customer system.

![Customer System](./images/oemin-menu.png)

## Customizing Appearance

!!! note

    DCE 5.0 supports customizing the appearance using CSS. The actual implementation of appearance customization for the customer system may vary depending on the specific requirements.

Login to the customer system and navigate to `Global Management` -> `Platform Settings` -> `Appearance Customization` to customize the platform's background color, logo, name, and more.
For detailed instructions, please refer to [Appearance Customization](../user-guide/platform-setting/appearance.md).

## Integration of Authorization System (Optional)

**Solution Approach 1:**

Custom teams can implement a custom module where DCE 5 will notify every user login event through a Webhook. The custom module can then use the [OpenAPI](https://docs.daocloud.io/openapi/) of AnyProduct and DCE 5.0 to synchronize the user's permission information.

**Solution Approach 2:**

If required, every authorization change can be notified to AnyProduct using the Webhook method (implementation can be done later).

### Leveraging Other Capabilities of DCE 5.0 in AnyProduct (Optional)

The method involves using DCE 5.0's [OpenAPI](https://docs.daocloud.io/openapi/).

## References

- [Refer to OEM OUT documentation](./oem-out.md)
- Refer to [gProduct-demo-main integration tar package](./examples/gproduct-demo-main.tar.gz)
