docs/en/docs/skoala/gateway/service/manual-integrate.md, before:

# Manual access service

The services that are successfully added will be displayed on the service list page. You can also select the services in the list as the target back-end services when adding apis. The microservice gateway supports manual access and automatic discovery to add services. This page describes how to manually add services.

** Prerequisites **

You need to add the corresponding service source in Source management so that you can select the corresponding service source type when manually adding services.

## Access service

1. In the `Gateway List` page click on the name of the target gateway, enter the gateway overview page, in the left navigation bar click `Add Service` -- > `Service List`.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

2. On the `Service List` page click `Manual Add` --> `Add Service`.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

3. Select the service source, configure the service connection information and click `OK`.

    - Cluster service: Select the cluster and namespace where the target service resides, and enter the access protocol, address, and port number.

        <!--![]()screenshots-->

        For the cluster service access, can be in the `Container Management` -- > `Container Network` -- > `Services` click on the service name to view:

        <!--![]()screenshots-->

    - mesh service:

        The functionality of the access mesh service is under development, so stay tuned.

    - Registry Service: Select the registry where the target service resides, and enter the access protocol, address, and port number.

        <!--![]()screenshots-->

    - External service: Enter the service name, access protocol, address, and port number.
  
        <!--![]()screenshots-->

## Viewing service details

1. On the service list page, click the name of the target service to access the service details page.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

2. View service sources, connection information, and associated apis.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

## Update service

### Update basic information

1. In the `Service List` page find need to update the service, in the service of right click ** `ⵗ` **, choose `Basic Info`.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

2. To update the basic information, click `OK`.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

!!! danger


<!--![]()screenshots-->

### Update policy configuration

1. In the `Service List` page find need to update the service, in the service of right click ** `ⵗ` **, choose `Policy Settings`.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

2. To update policy configuration, click `OK`.

    <!--![]()screenshots-->

## Deletion service

In the `Service List` page to find the need to delete the service, in the service of right click ** `ⵗ` **, choose `Delete`.

<!--![]()screenshots-->

Before deleting a service, you need to make sure that no apis are using the service. If the service is being used by an API, click `API Management` to delete the associated API as prompted before deleting the service.

<!--![]()screenshots-->

Commit message:

fix manual access and automatic nanotubes

docs/en/docs/skoala/gateway/service/manual-integrate.md, after:

# Manual access service

The services that are successfully added will be displayed on the service list page. You can also select the services in the list as the target back-end services when adding apis. The microservice gateway supports manual access and automatic discovery to add services. This page describes how to manually add services.

** Prerequisites **

You need to add the corresponding service source in Source management so that you can select the corresponding service source type when manually adding services.

## Access service

1. In the `Gateway List` page click on the name of the target gateway, enter the gateway overview page, in the left navigation bar click `Add Service` -- > `Service List`.

    ![service list](./images/gw-service03.png)

2. Select the service source, configure the service connection information and click `OK`.

    === Cluster service: Select the cluster and namespace where the target service resides, and enter the access protocol, address, and port number.

        ![adding a cluster service](./images/gw-service01.png)

        For the cluster service access, can be in the `Container Management` -- > `Container Network` -- > `Services` click on the service name to view:

        ![get the service access address](./images/service-access.png)

    === mesh service:

        - Registry Service: Select the registry where the target service resides, and enter the access protocol, address, and port number.

        ![add registry services](./images/gw-service04.png)

    === External service: Enter the service name, access protocol, address, and port number.
  
        ![adding external services](./images/gw-service02.png)

## Viewing service details

1. On the service list page, click the name of the target service to access the service details page.

    ![service details](./images/gw-service05.png)

2. View service sources, connection information, and associated apis.

    ![service details](./images/gw-service06.png)

## Update service

### Update basic information

1. In the `Service List` page find need to update the service, in the service of right click ** `ⵗ` **, choose `Basic Info`.

    ![update service](./images/gw-service07.png)

2. To update the basic information, click `OK`.

    ![update service](./images/gw-service08.png)

!!! danger
  
    If you choose other services or modify the connection information of external services when updating the basic configuration, the original services will be deleted, which is equivalent to adding a new service. However, the APIs associated with the original service will be automatically associated with the new service.


<!--![]()screenshots-->

### Update policy configuration

1. In the `Service List` page find need to update the service, in the service of right click ** `ⵗ` **, choose `modifying policy settings`.

    ![update service](./images/gw-service09.png)

2. To update policy configuration, click `OK`.

    ![update service](./images//update4.png)

## Deletion service

In the `Service List` page to find the need to delete the service, in the service of right click ** `ⵗ` **, choose `Delete`.

![delete service](./images/gw-service10.png)

Before deleting a service, you need to make sure that no apis are using the service. If the service is being used by an API, click `API Management` to delete the associated API as prompted before deleting the service.

![delete service](./images/delete1.png)
