---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-02-19
---

# 20230630 DCE 5.0 Enterprise Released

This page describes the latest features, optimizations, bug fixes, and compatibilities
included in 20230630 DCE 5.0 Enterprise. Additionally, each product module in
DCE 5.0 is independent and decoupled, and the product module versions involved in this
release are included in the DCE 5.0 installer by default.

If you need to independently upgrade or replace a module, please contact Daocloud's
after-sales support personnel to download the corresponding version and upgrade.
Also, please refer to [DCe 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

**Modules**

| Module               | Version                                                           | Compatible K8s Version |
| :------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------- |
| Installer            | [v0.9.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v090)                     | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Global Management    | [v0.18.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0180)              | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Cluster Lifecycle    | [v0.7.0](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases/tag/v0.7.0) | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Container Management | [v0.19.0](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0190)              | K8s 1.18 - 1.25       |
| Network              | [v0.8.0](../../network/modules/spiderpool/releasenotes.md#v080)   | K8s 1.18 - 1.25       |
| Hwameistor           | [v0.10.4](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md#v0103)         | K8s 1.18 - 1.25       |
| Observability        | [v0.18.2](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0180)               | K8s 1.19 - 1.27       |
| Workbench| [v0.18.1](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0181)              | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| MultiCloud Management | [v0.10.3](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0103)       | K8s 1.18 - 1.25       |
| Microservice Engine  | [v0.23.0](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0230)              | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Service Mesh         | [v0.17.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0170)             | K8s 1.21 - 1.25       |
| Middleware RabbitMQ  | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0110)       | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Middleware MySQL     | [v0.10.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0100)          | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Middleware ElasticSearch | [v0.9.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v090)| K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Middleware Redis     | [v0.9.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v090)            | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Middleware MinIO     | [v0.7.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v070)            | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Middleware PostgreSQL| [v0.3.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v030)       | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Middleware Kafka     | [v0.7.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v070)            | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |
| Container Registry   | [v0.9.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v09)                     | K8s 1.23 - 1.25       |

## New Features and Optimizations

Detailed feature descriptions are included in the Release Notes of each version in
the table above. Here is a brief description of some new features and optimizations.

### Installer v0.9.0

- **Added** the ability to modify clusterConfig.yaml to expose the seed kind address and port.
- **Added** Upgraded the default k8s version in the installer to v1.26.5.
- **Improved** the logic and functionality of the import-artifact command in the installer.
- **Fixed** the issue with synchronizing images from an external HTTP Harbor repository.
- **Fixed** the problem with the ES component not starting in OCP.
- **Fixed** the issue where creating a new database in the middleware database had a high failure rate in the arm64 environment.

### Insight v0.18.2

- **Added** log alerts.
- **Added** cluster status to collection management.
- **Added** silent rule list with silent conditions.
- **Added** email configuration detection.
- **Added** support for PostgreSQL and Kingbase as system databases.
- **Added** Nvidia GPU monitoring dashboard.
- **Improved** Updated the legend of the service topology diagram.
- **Improved** Added average metric value and sorting support to operation metrics in the service details.
- **Improved** Added sorting by Span, Delay, and Occurrence Time to trace queries.
- **Improved** Added search capability to notification dropdown in alert policy configuration.
- **Improved** Added timezone formatting support to alert templates.
- **Improved** Upgraded opentelemetry collector Chart version from v0.50.1 to v0.59.3.
- **Improved** Upgraded opentelemetry Operator Chart version from v0.26.1 to v0.30.1.
- **Fixed** the issue where the alert preview did not match the actual effective silence when previewing matching alerts.
- **Fixed** component version errors in system components.
- **Fixed** incorrect list title in dashboards.
- **Fixed** the issue where creating silence through the alert list did not return matching alert data.
- **Fixed** the issue where Fluentbit failed to start for the first time in some environments.

### Microservice Engine v0.24.1

- **Added** enhanced health check configuration for engine components.
- **Added** support for label-based caching in the cache logic.
- **Added** Integrated audit logs.
- **Added** license check in continuous integration.
- **Added** Stored sensitive information in Secrets for Charts.
- **Added** Upgraded managed Nacos version to 2.2.3.
- **Added** Upgraded Sentinel version to 0.10.5.

### Service Mesh v0.17.0

- **Added** audit log capability.
- **Added** ability to clear workload injection policies.
- **Added** Implemented auto-injection of managed services using __MCPC Controller__ .
- **Added** compatibility testing for various versions of K8s.
- **Improved** Strengthened detection of managed clusters during mesh creation to avoid conflicts.

### MultiCloud Management v0.10.3

- **Added** multicloud audit logs.
- **Added** distribution status display for resource additions.
- **Added** support for LoadBalancer type in Service.

### Container Management v0.19.0

- **Added** Compatible deployment of working clusters with openAnolis / Oracle Linux operating systems.
- **Added** automatic addition of JFrog authentication information for creating clusters in offline environments.
- **Added** environment variable rule validation when creating workloads.
- **Added** support for edge loads and services.
- **Added** dual-stack and system kernel as node prerequisites.
- **Added** secretKey/configmapKey as configuration mountable options in creating workloads.
- **Improved** Helm repository refresh mechanism.
- **Improved** English translation for some I8N interfaces.
- **Fixed** the issue where custom parameters provided during cluster creation were incorrectly converted to true or false if the value was 0 or 1.
- **Fixed** the problem with writing containerd account password configuration when creating clusters in offline environments.
- **Fixed** the cluster upgrade failure due to changes in the kubernetes container registry when upgrading clusters to version 1.26 and above.
- **Fixed** the issue where namespace-level users could not use StorageClasses to create PVs.
- **Fixed** the issue where specifying the namespace when creating a route did not take effect.
- **Fixed** the incorrect date returned after cluster upgrade.

### Cluster Lifecycle Management kubean v0.7.0

- **Fixed** the issue where the lightweight image package python failed to start.

### Workbench v0.18.1

- **Added** support for updating and deleting native applications and their subresources.
- **Added** basic functionality for creating and managing OAM (Open Application Model) applications.
- **Added** permission support for running pipelines in the pipeline module.
- **Fixed** an issue where an error occurred on the native application list page when
  the target cluster did not have the CRD (Custom Resource Definition) for native applications installed.

### Data Service (Middleware)

- **Added** support for MongoDB instance lifecycle management.
- **Added** support for Elasticsearch anti-affinity settings.
- **Added** support for setting the monitoring sampling interval for Redis.
- **Added** support for setting the monitoring sampling interval for Kafka.
- **Added** support for load balancing access settings for RabbitMQ.
- **Added** support for load balancing access settings for Kafka.
- **Improved** the middleware monitoring interface.
- **Improved** PVC (Persistent Volume Claim) monitoring data neutrality.
- **Improved** the end-to-end process of installing observable components.
- **Improved** the prompt message for updating Redis configuration in managed mode.
- **Improved** the structure of the backup page.
- **Fixed** an issue where the custom role lacked workspace permission association with platform roles.
- **Fixed** an issue where Redis automatic backup execution time was 8 hours later than the configured time.

### Container Registry v0.9.0

- **Added** support for uploading and downloading tar packages via the UI.
- **Added** auditing for important operations in the container registry.
- **Added** a managed Harbor with PostgreSQL as the middleware.
- **Fixed** issues related to sidecar injection.
- **Fixed** the problem with unbinding registry spaces from workspaces.

### Global Management v0.18.0

- **Added** Moved workspaces to a new location.
- **Added** support for Webhook in integration management (create/edit/delete/list/view).
- **Added** reminders before the license expires (15 days in advance).
- **Added** Disabled functionality after the license expires (configurable).
- **Added** Users need to enter the old password when changing passwords.
- **Added** Resource groups can now be associated with service mesh resources.
- **Added** support for external PostgreSQL databases.
- **Added** More currency types are now supported in report generation.
- **Added** high availability support for istio-ingressgateway and istiod.

## Upgrade Notes

- Insight: When upgrading the **insight agent** from v0.16.x (or lower) to v0.17.x,
  since the kube-prometheus-stack chart version has been upgraded from 41.9.1 to 45.28.1,
  and some fields in the used CRD need to be upgraded manually,
  please refer to [Insight upgrade notes](../../insight/quickstart/install/upgrade-note.md) for details.

- Microservice Engine: The database initialization component sweet has been deprecated
  since v0.22.0 and will be completely removed in version 0.23.0 and later.
  Starting from v0.22.0, data tables will be automatically synchronized and updated without manual intervention.

- Global Management: When upgrading from v0.15.x (or lower) to v0.17.0 (or higher),
  the format of the database connection helm parameters needs to be modified.
  Please refer to [Offline upgrade global management](../../ghippo/install/offline-install.md) for details.

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once global management is upgraded to v0.17.0 or v0.16.0 and above versions,
    other modules must be upgraded to the corresponding version, otherwise the UI cannot be accessed properly!**

| Modules Supported by Global Management v0.17.0 | Modules Supported by Global Management v0.16.0 |
| :--------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------- |
| Container Management v0.18.1 and above         | Container Management v0.17.0 and above         |
| Insight v0.17.2 and above                      | Insight v0.16.0 and above                      |
| Workbench v0.17.3 and above                    | Workbench v0.16.0 and above                    |
| Multicloud Management v0.9.1 and above         | Multicloud Management v0.8.0 and above         |
| Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above          | Microservice Engine v0.21.1 and above          |
| Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above                 | Service Mesh v0.15.0 and above                 |
| Middleware RabbitMQ v0.11.0 and above          | Middleware RabbitMQ v0.10.1 and above          |
| Middleware MySQL v0.9.0 and above              | Middleware MySQL v0.8.1 and above              |
| Middleware ElasticSearch v0.8.0 and above      | Middleware ElasticSearch v0.7.1 and above      |
| Middleware Redis v0.8.0 and above              | Middleware Redis v0.7.1 and above              |
| Middleware MinIO v0.6.0 and above              | Middleware MinIO v0.5.1 and above              |
| Middleware Kafka v0.6.0 and above              | Middleware Kafka v0.5.1 and above              |
| Middleware PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above         | Middleware PostgreSQL v0.1.0 and above         |
| Container Registry v0.8.0 and above            | Container Registry v0.7.0 and above            |

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE Community Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download Center

- [DCE 5.0 Download Center](../../download/index.md)
