# DCE 5.0-20231031 Commercial Edition Official Release

This page explains the latest features, optimizations, bug fixes, and more included in DCE 5.0-20231031 Commercial Edition.
Each product module in DCE 5.0 is independently decoupled, and the versions included in this release are the ones that come with the DCE 5.0 installer by default.
If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, please contact Daocloud's customer support personnel to download the corresponding version and perform the upgrade.
Also, please refer to the [Commercial Edition Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

**Module Versions**

| Module  | Version    | Compatible K8s Version |
| :---  | :---| :------- |
| Installer   | [v0.12.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0120)  | K8s 1.24 - 1.27 |
| Global Management   | [v0.21.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0210)   | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Operation Management   | [v0.4.2](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v042)  | K8s 1.25 - 1.27 |
| Cluster Lifecycle Management | [v0.9.3](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases/tag/v0.9.3)   | K8s 1.25 - 1.27 |
| Container Management   | [v0.22.0](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0220)   | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Network   | [v0.10.1](../../network/modules/spiderpool/releasenotes.md#v0101)   | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| HwameiStor  | [v0.13.1](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md#v0131)    | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| VirtNest  | [v0.3.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v030)   | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Insight          | [v0.21.0](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0210) | K8s 1.19 - 1.27 |
| Workbench  | [v0.21.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0210)   | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Multi-Cloud Orchestration | [v0.13.1](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0131)  | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Microservice Engine    | [v0.28.1](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0281)   | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Service Mesh           | [v0.20.3](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0203)  | K8s 1.21 - 1.27 |
| Middleware RabbitMQ    | [v0.14.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0140)  | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware MySQL       | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware ElasticSearch | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0110)    | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware Redis       | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware MinIO       | [v0.9.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v090) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware PostgreSQL  | [v0.6.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v060)    | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware MongoDB     | [v0.4.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v040)  | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Middleware Kafka       | [v0.9.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v090)  | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Image Repository       | [v0.12.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0120)  | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |

## New Features and Improvements

Here are some brief descriptions of the new features and improvements for each component:

### Installer v0.12.0

- **Optimization** Upgraded default k8s version to 1.27.5 in the installer.
- **Optimization** Removed CPU/Memory resource requests and limits for global management, container management, and observability components in community edition with the `-z` minimal installation option.
- **Optimization** Added a check for the installation of `lvm2` on each host node when enabling Cinder storage components.
- **Optimization** Improved logging display for upgrade functionality.
- **Optimization** Added new adaptations for containerd-related parameters in kubean.

### Microservice Engine v0.28.1

- **New** Support for gateway API request path matching using regular expressions, exact matching, and other patterns.
- **New** Support for batch import and export of gateway APIs.
- **New** Support for managing Nacos with multiple versions (currently supports versions 2.0.4, 2.1.1, 2.2.3).
- **New** Support for complex passwords in Sentinel console.
- **New** Support for gray release of Nacos configurations.
- **New** Support for distributed transactions including TCC, FMT, SAGA, and XA modes.
- **New** Support for importing interfaces through visual form interface using Swagger standard.

### Insight v0.21.0

- Insight Server v0.21.1

    - **New** Namespace-level monitoring.
    - **Optimization** Updated Insight navigation bar structure.
    - **Optimization** Clicking on the link distribution graph now allows quick access to corresponding chain details.
    - **Bug Fix:** Fixed context issue when viewing container logs.
    - **Bug Fix:** Fixed error during event index initialization.

- Insight Agent v0.21.0

    - **Bug Fix:** Fixed exception span names in link queries.
    - **Bug Fix:** Fixed issue where containers started by tailing-sidecar were not functioning properly on the Kylin-V10(SP3) operating system.

### Service Mesh v0.20.3

- **New** `VM Agent` now supports container runtime.
- **New** Support for deleting virtual machine type workloads.
- **New** Customizable discovery scope for mesh namespaces.
- **New** Added elastic scaling configuration `auto_scaling` to mesh gateway.

### Multi-Cloud Orchestration v0.13.1

- **Bug Fix:** Fixed issue where member clusters could not be deleted after enabling elastic scaling.
- **Bug Fix:** Fixed issue where corresponding Pods could not be viewed when viewing multi-cloud services.

### Container Management v0.22.0

- **New** Added support for creating clusters with RedHat 9.2.
- **New** Support for upgrading system component versions and modifying system component parameters through the interface.
- **New** Support for Nvidia full-card, vGPU, and MIG GPU modes.
- **New** Support for application-level GPU resource quotas.
- **New** Support for monitoring GPU resources at the cluster, node, and application levels.
- **New** Support for mixed deployment of Helm Charts on multiple architectures.

### Container Networking v0.10.1

- **New** Support for creating multiple egress gateway instances with separate egress policies for network isolation.
- **New** Support for selecting a group of nodes as Egress nodes through node selectors for egress gateways, enabling external traffic forwarding.
- **New** Support for configuring IP pools for node groups to ensure sufficient available IP addresses for different nodes or node groups in the network.
- **New** Support for setting an EIP for namespaces or workloads in Calico, Flannel, Weave, and Spiderpool network modes. Pods will use this EIP as the unified egress address when accessing the external network.
- **New** Multus CR management interface now supports selecting and configuring different Multus CNI (Macvlan, IPvlan, SRIOV, custom) plugin types for managing Multus CR instances.

### Cluster Lifecycle Management v0.9.3

- **Optimization** Updated K8s cluster version.
- **Optimization** Updated containerd version.
- **Optimization** Added compatibility with K8s cluster v1.28.0.
- **Optimization** Updated kubespray version.

### Workbench v0.21.0

- **New** Interface support for creating request feature releases based on Istio.
- **New** Support for creating OLM applications.
- **New** Version management (create, delete, update, search) for native applications.
- **New** Export template is supported for native applications.

### Data Service (Middleware)

- **New** Added restart functionality for all middleware products.
- **New** Added offline upgrade functionality for all middleware products.
- **New** Added support for managing external instances of Mcamel-MinIO.
- **New** Added cross-cluster recovery functionality for Mcamel-MySQL instances.
- **New** Added support for managing external instances of Mcamel-PostgreSQL.
- **New** Added cross-cluster recovery functionality for Mcamel-Redis instances.
- **Bug Fix:** Fixed cloudshell permissions issue for all middleware products.

### Image Repository v0.12.0

- **New** Support for quick deployment of middleware products using hosted Harbor in non-platinum editions.
- **Optimization** Improved Nginx configuration best practices for Harbor.
- **Optimization** Best practices for resource planning in the image repository.

### Global Management v0.21.0

- **New** Flexibly configure the order, categories, names, and visibility of the top navigation bar.
- **New** Integration with multiple LDAP/AD servers.
- **New** Integration with multiple OIDC providers.
- **New** Ability to distinguish users from different LDAP/OIDC sources.

### Virtual Machine Container v0.3.0

- **New** Support for editing virtual machines in YAML and form formats.
- **New** Support for adding data disks to virtual machines.
- **New** Support for live migration of virtual machines.
- **New** Support for accessing virtual machines via terminal.
- **New** Support for creating virtual machines from selected images in the image repository.
- **New** Support for creating virtual machines using templates.
- **New** Support for deleting custom templates.
- **New** Support for converting virtual machine configurations into templates.
- **New** Support for customizing the operating system and version of virtual machines.

### Cloud-Edge Collaboration v0.5.1

- **New** Support for batch registration of x86_64 and arm64 edge computing nodes as edge nodes.
- **New** Support for pausing/resuming scheduling of edge nodes.
- **New** Support for deploying applications to edge nodes in the form of images.
- **New** Provide comprehensive information about edge nodes, such as Kubelet version, operating system, container runtime, and resource utilization/assignment status.
- **New** Support for multiple image pull strategies to meet different operational requirements when restarting applications.
- **New** Workload supports multiple network access methods, including port mapping, host network, and inaccessible modes.
- **New** Support for binding and unbinding terminal devices to registered edge nodes.
- **New** Support for pausing/resuming scheduling of edge nodes.

### Upgrade Considerations

- **Container Management:** When upgrading from kpanda v0.21.x to v0.22.0 or later versions, if the Global cluster is using Redis in sentinel mode, you need to change `--set global.db.redis.url` during the upgrade.
- **Global Management:** When upgrading from v0.15.x (or lower) to v0.21.0 (or higher), modifications to the database connection Helm parameters are required. Please refer to the [Offline Upgrade for Global Management](../../ghippo/install/offline-install.md) for more details.
- Insight: There is an issue with Insight Agent 0.20.0 and earlier versions where PodMonitor collects multiple sets of JVM metrics. The corresponding configuration needs to be modified. For more details, please refer to [PodMonitor Collecting Multiple Sets of JVM Metrics](../../insight/quickstart/install/knownissues.md#podmonitor-jvm).

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once Global Management is upgraded to v0.21.0 or later versions, other modules must be upgraded accordingly, otherwise the interface cannot be accessed properly!

The supported versions of each module for Global Management v0.21.0 are as follows:

- Container Management: v0.18.1 and above
- Insight: v0.17.2 and above
- Workbench: v0.17.3 and above
- Multi-Cloud Orchestration: v0.9.1 and above
- Microservice Engine: v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh: v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware mcamel-rabbitmq: v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-mysql: v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-elasticsearch: v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-redis: v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MinIO: v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Kafka: v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-PostgreSQL: v0.2.0 and above
- Image Repository: v0.8.0 and above

## Known Issues

For known issues with Installer v0.12.0, refer to the [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Commercial Edition Installation Guide](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Edition Installation Guide](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download Site

- [DCE 5.0 Download Site](../../download/index.md)
