# DCE 5.0-20231231 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, improvements and bug fixes, included in 20231231 DCE 5.0 Enterprise. DCE 5.0 modularizes each product module, and the versions included in this release are the default versions in the DCE 5.0 installer. If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, please contact Daocloud's support team to download the corresponding versions and upgrade. Please also refer to [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

**Module Versions**

| Category | Module | Version | Compatible K8s Version |
| :------- | :----- | :------ | :--------------------- |
| Installation | Installer | [v0.14.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.24 - 1.27 |
| | Kubean | [v0.11.0](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Workspace | Workbench | [v0.23.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Container | Container Management | [v0.24.0](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | MultiCloud Management | [v0.15.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Container Registry | [v0.13.1](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0131) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Network | [v0.12.0](../../network/modules/spiderpool/releasenotes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Storage HwameiStor | [v0.13.3](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md#v0133) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Virtual Machine | [v0.5.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v050) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Insight | Insight | [v0.23.0](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0230) | K8s 1.19 - 1.27 |
| Microservices | Microservice Engine | [v0.31.1](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0311) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Service Mesh | [v0.22.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0220) | K8s 1.21 - 1.27 |
| Middleware | RabbitMQ | [v0.16.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0160) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MySQL | [v0.14.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | ElasticSearch | [v0.13.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0130) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Redis | [v0.14.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MinIO | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v0110) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | PostgreSQL | [v0.8.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v080) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MongoDB | [v0.6.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v060) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Kafka | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v0110) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Edge Computing | Cloud-Edge Collaboration | [v0.7.0](../../kant/intro/release-notes.md#v070) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Management | Global Management | [v0.23.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Operation Management | v0.4.3 | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |

## New Features and Improvements

Detailed feature descriptions are reflected in the Release Notes of each version in the table above. Here are some brief descriptions of new features and improvements.

### Installer v0.14.0

- **Improved** The installer implements image multi-architecture merging through the upstream function of kubean.
- **Improved** The community edition removes the spark node detection.
- **Improved** kubean component supports compatibility with older versions of k8s.

### Kubean v0.11.0

- **Improved** the Manifest and Localartifact controllers.
- **Improved** the import image script to support merging multi-platform images.
- **Improved** log output information.

### Workbench v0.23.0

- **Added** support for integration with Nexus and related operations.
- **Added** support for integration with Testlink and related operations.
- **Fixed** the issue of incorrect resource count displayed in the native application topology.

### Container Management v0.24.0

- **Improved** audit logs record the creation and deletion of services, routes, volume claims, volumes, and storage pool resources.
- **Improved** adapts to kubean to achieve downward compatibility with K8s versions.
- **Fixed** the issue of permission leakage caused by the Addon lifecycle management process.

### MultiCloud Management v0.15.0

- **Fixed** the issue of multicloud task resources unable to see container group resources.

### Container Registry v0.13.1

- **Improved** compatibility with illegal K8s usernames.
- **Fixed** the issue of high bandwidth consumption during large-scale image synchronization.
- **Fixed** the issue of high query latency in large-scale image spaces.

### Container Network v0.12.1

- **Added** support for configuring SR-IOV Policy through the interface, creating VF on the host, and reporting resource capabilities.
- **Added** support for interface names in annotations to support multiple network cards.
- **Added** support for single IP in dual-stack subnet.

### Container Storage v0.13.3

- **Added** VolumeSnapshotClass.
- **Improved** support for the `snapshot` parameter in the Hwameictl command line.
- **Fixed** the issue of Volume Group always maintaining consistent accessibility with all volumes in the group.

### Virtual Machine v0.5.0

- **Added** support for configuring networks when creating virtual machines, enabling richer capabilities such as multiple network cards.
- **Added** support for viewing network information in virtual machine details.
- **Added** support for viewing monitoring information in virtual machine details.

### Insight v0.23.0

- Insight Server v0.23.0

    - **Added** integration with network observation Deepflow Community Edition.
    - **Added** alert rule templates.
    - **Improved** usage of DSL as the query statement for log alerts.

- Insight Agent v0.23.0

    - **Fixed** the process of automatically injecting `k8s_namespce_name` into the probe for distributed tracing.
    - **Fixed** automatical generation and configuration for log indexes for each deployed Insight Agent cluster.

### Microservice Engine v0.31.0

- **Upgrade** the gateway runtime (Envoy) to the official version v1.28.0.
- **Improved** the Skoala Agent component and add logging functionality.
- **Fixed** the issue of missing log files in the gateway management component.

### Service Mesh v0.22.0

- **Added** larger scale: S2000P8000, S5000P20000 mesh instances.
- **Added** larger scale: Upgrade reminder for gateway instances, support one-click upgrade.
- **Added** larger scale: Resource quotas for custom mesh instance system components.

### Data Services (Middleware)

- **Added** built-in alert rules in Redis.
- **Added** support for creating instances in group replication mode in MySQL.
- **Improved** When using Redis in sentinel mode with NodePort mode, return the NodePort addresses of multiple sentinels.

### Cloud-Edge Collaboration v0.7.0

- **Added** support for accessing KubeEdge installed in the cluster.
- **Improved** batch deletion of edge resources.
- **Improved** edge unit image authentication interaction.

### Global Management v0.23.0

- **Added** OIDC protocol supports automatic logout of corresponding identity provider pages when logging out of DCE 5.0.
- **Added** user/authorization isolation mode between folders.
- **Improved** support for authorizing multiple roles for Folder/Workspace users.

## Upgrade Notes

- **Container Management**: When upgrading from version v0.21.x to v0.22.0 or higher, if the Global cluster is using Redis in sentinel mode, you need to change **--set global.db.redis.url** during the upgrade.
- **Global Management**: When upgrading from v0.15.x (or lower) to v0.21.0 (or higher), the database connection Helm parameter format needs to be modified, please refer to [Offline Upgrade Global Management](../../ghippo/install/offline-install.md) for details.
- **Insight**: Insight Agent v0.20.0 and earlier have an issue where PodMonitor collects multiple sets of JVM metrics. You need to modify the corresponding configuration, please refer to [PodMonitor Collects Multiple Sets of JVM Metrics](../../insight/quickstart/install/knownissues.md#podmonitor-jvm) for details.
- **Workbench**: When upgrading from v0.21.0 or earlier to this version, GitOps applications may disappear. It is recommended not to upgrade to this version and directly upgrade to v0.22.0 or above.

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once the Global Management is upgraded to v0.23.0 or higher, other modules must be upgraded to the corresponding versions, otherwise the interface cannot be accessed normally!

The versions of various modules supported by Global Management v0.23.0 are as follows:

- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Insight v0.17.2 and above
- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- MultiCloud Management v0.9.1 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware mcamel-rabbitmq v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-mysql v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-elasticsearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Container Registry v0.8.0 and above

## Known Issues

Known issues for installer v0.14.0, see [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Edition Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download

- [DCE 5.0 Offline Package Download](../../download/index.md)
