---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-02-19
---

# 20230831 DCE 5.0 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, optimizations, bug fixes, and more included in 20230831 DCE 5.0 Enterprise.
Each product module in DCE 5.0 is independently decoupled. The versions mentioned in this release are included by default in the DCE 5.0 installer.
If you need to upgrade or replace individual modules separately, please contact Daocloud's customer support personnel
to download the corresponding version and perform the upgrade.
Please also refer to the [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

**Module Versions**

| Module                       | Version                                                            | Compatible K8s Versions |
| :--------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------- |
| Installer                    | [v0.11.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0110)                    | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Global Management            | [v0.20.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0200)               | K8s 1.23 - 1.27         |
| Operations Management        | [v0.4.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md)                      | K8s 1.23 - 1.27         |
| Cluster Lifecycle Management | [v0.8.6](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases/tag/v0.8.6)  | K8s 1.25 - 1.27         |
| Container Management         | [v0.21.0](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0210)               | K8s 1.18 - 1.27         |
| Networking                   | [v0.9.0](../../network/intro/releasenotes.md)         | K8s 1.18 - 1.27         |
| HwameiStor                   | [v0.10.8](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md#v0110)          | K8s 1.18 - 1.27         |
| VirtNest                     | [v0.2.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v020)               | K8s 1.18 - 1.27         |
| Observability                | [v0.20.0](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#insight-server-v0200) | K8s 1.19 - 1.27         |
| Workbench                    | [v0.20.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0200)               | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| MultiCloud Management     | [v0.12.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v012)              | K8s 1.18 - 1.25         |
| Microservice Engine          | [v0.27.2](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0272)               | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Service Mesh                 | [v0.19.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0190)              | K8s 1.21 - 1.25         |
| Middleware RabbitMQ          | [v0.13.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0130)        | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Middleware MySQL             | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0110)           | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Middleware ElasticSearch     | [v0.10.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0100)   | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Middleware Redis             | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0110)           | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Middleware MinIO             | [v0.8.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v080)             | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Middleware PostgreSQL        | [v0.5.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v050)        | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Middleware Kafka             | [v0.8.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v080)             | K8s 1.23 - 1.25         |
| Container Registry           | [v0.11.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0110)                   | K8s 1.23 - 1.27         |

## New Features and Optimizations

Below are some of the new features and optimizations included in the latest release:

### Installer v0.11.0

- **Added** the K8s version of the Global cluster to v1.26.7 to avoid security vulnerabilities in older versions.
- **Added** support for setting Ansible extension parameters in __clusterConfig.yaml__ .
- **Added** support offline deployment of Red Hat 9.2 system.
- **Added** __diag.sh__ script for diagnosing Global cluster.

### Microservice Engine v0.27.2

- **Added** beta version of Traffic Swimlanes.
- **Added** beta version of cloud native microservice governance.
- **Added** support for precise control of the total call volume for the entire cluster.
- **Added** support integration with Consul service registry.
- **Added** support security authentication configuration at the gateway instance level.
- **Added** permission dependencies for various module functionalities.

### Observability v0.20.0

- Insight Server:
    - **Added** container event alerts.
    - **Added** logs related to link queries.
    - **Added** metadata to event details.
    - **Added** log supports Lucene syntax queries.
    - **Improved** prompts for abnormal cluster status.
    - **Improved** conditions for log filtering.
    - **Improved** adding duplicate tags when creating silent alert conditions.
    - **Improved** node logs can be filtered by file path.
    - **Improved** built-in alert strategy for CoreDNS.
    - **Fixed** incorrect creation time for Elasticsearch in system components.
    - **Fixed** inconsistent number of logs retrieved in contextual log queries.
    - **Fixed** redirect issue in alert resolution suggestions.
    - **Fixed** compatibility issues with some data in event queries.
    - **Fixed** incorrect colors in topology graph legend.
    - **Fixed** all nodes becoming external nodes when canceling cluster and namespace boundaries in the topology graph.
    - **Fixed** failure to send notifications for alerts if there is an error in the template content for any notification type.
- Insight Agent:
    - **Improved** log and link data can be consumed via Kafka.
    - **Fixed** compatibility issues with Openshift clusters.
    - **Fixed** compatibility issues with Kubernetes v0.18.20.
    - **Fixed** compatibility issues with DCE 4.0.
    - **Fixed** issue with metric calculation.

### Service Mesh v0.19.0

- **Added** __userinfo__ API to get current user's permission information.
    > Note: To retrieve accurate permission information, the __mesh_id__ parameter needs to be passed after entering the mesh.
- **Added** __Mcpc Controller__ supports virtual machines (automatically creates __WorkloadShadow__ ).
- **Added** Service interface for creating virtual machines (VM) in the mesh.
- **Added** Scripts for building and uploading offline installation packages for virtual machines (VM).
- **Added** Interface to bind services to virtual machines (VM) and generate configurations.
- **Added** __Reporter__ parameter to the route panel in Grafana.
- **Added** __Mspider__ virtual machine proxy controller (mspider-vm-agent).
- **Added** __generator__ package that allows obtaining the status of corresponding components by passing in __MeshCluster__ or __GlobalMesh__ to __ComponentAnalyzer__ .
- **Improved** permission check for the availability upgrade interface of the mesh.
- **Improved** Rewritten __reconcileComponentsStatus__ in mesh-cluster under __gsc-controller__ .
- **Upgrade** Frontend version to v0.17.0.
- **Upgrade** Supported mesh versions to 1.16.6, 1.17.5, 1.18.2.

### MultiCloud Management v0.11.1

- **Added** support for cross-cluster elastic scaling.

### Container Management v0.21.0

- **Added** helm repo password connectivity validation, with support for skipping TLS certificate authentication.
- **Added** scaling of worker nodes for global service machines.
- **Added** support for Nvidia vGPU.
- **Added** Nvidia MIG Single/Mixed mode.
- **Added** heterogeneous GPU resource management (Nvidia GPU, Tianjishan GPU, Ascend GPU).
- **Added** GPU resource isolation (user-level isolation, physical isolation).
- **Added** automatic detection of GPU cards in the cluster.
- **Added** operator-based installation of Nvidia Driver.
- **Improved** support for uninstalling related components when disconnecting from a cluster.
- **Improved** logic for handling Pod statuses, added sub-statuses for Pods.
- **Improved** support for configuring the number of task logs to keep in cluster operation records.
- **Improved** support for configuring the number of control nodes in the creation of worker clusters.
- **Improved** prompt for installing Insight-agent if not installed.
- **Fixed** configuration parameter loss issue when updating Helm application instances.
- **Fixed** error in displaying associated instances in NetworkPolicy.
- **Fixed** cluster creation failure due to maximum Pod limit in cluster configuration.
- **Fixed** failure to create Red Hat type worker clusters.
- **Fixed** __No permission__ error when namespace-level users view job details.
- **Fixed** issue with user unable to bind workspace.

### Container Network v0.9.0

- **Added** annotation webhook validation for SpiderMultusConfig.
- **Added** allocation of single-stack IP under dual-stack SpiderSubnet automatic pooling.
- **Added** core IPAM algorithm optimization, prioritize IP allocation in affinity pools.
- **Added** creation of orphan IPPool under SpiderSubnet automatic pooling.
- **Added** removal of CNI configuration files in Multus uninstallation hooks.
- **Added** coordinator supports automatic mode (default), which automatically detects the working mode of the Coordinator, eliminating the need to manually specify Underlay or Overlay. The same Multus CNI configuration can be used for both Underlay and Overlay modes.
- **Added** configuration of __ovs-cni__ through __spidermultusconfig__ .

### Cluster Lifecycle Management v0.8.6

- **Added** adaption for Red Hat 9.0.
- **Added** cascading deletion of Owner References in Cluster & ClusterOperation CR configuration.
- **Improved** removal backoffLimit property from ClusterOperation.

### Workbench v0.20.0

- **Added** status field for native applications.
- **Improved** When retrieving scan results from SonaQube, no longer bound to corresponding run records, instead retrieving from the latest run record.
- **Fixed** issue with successful creation of namespace for control plane cluster even if the namespace is in a deleted state.

### Data Services (Middleware)

- **Added** parameter template functionality to Mcamel-MySQL.
- **Added** cross-cluster master-slave synchronization to Mcamel-Redis.
- **Added** whitelist access control to Mcamel-PostgreSQL.
- **Added** whitelist access control to Mcamel-Kafka.
- **Improved** default anti-affinity configuration added to Mcamel-Elasticsearch creation page.
- **Improved** default anti-affinity configuration added to Mcamel-RabbitMQ creation page.
- **Improved** page display during operator creation process.
- **Improved** compatibility with Kindbase syntax.
- **Upgrade** updated Mcamel-MinIO Operator image to v5.0.6.

### Container Registry v0.11.0

- **Added** status validation to managed Harbor.
- **Added** releases to the download center.
- **Added** best practices for Nginx proxy and resource capacity planning.
- **Improved** Fixed an issue where the description of the managed Harbor could not be updated.
- **Improved** display of Registry space.
- **Improved** front-end error when creating WS admin recycling rules.

### Global Management v0.20.0

- **Added** integration of Kant with Cloud Edge Collaboration for License management.
- **Added** updated password length rules.
- **Added** support for integration with WeChat Work.
- **Added** operations management supports postgres/kingbase databases.
- **Added** OEM IN uses Istio for traffic distribution.
- **Fixed** issues with missing primary keys in some database tables.
- **Fixed** an issue where upgrading caused custom reverseProxy to be overwritten,
  resetting it to the default value on every update.

### Virtual Machine v0.2.0

- **Added** support for restarting virtual machines.
- **Added** support for editing virtual machines with forms.
- **Added** support for creating virtual machines with YAML.
- **Added** support for cloning virtual machines.
- **Added** support for creating snapshots of virtual machines.
- **Added** support for restoring virtual machines from snapshots and displaying recovery records.

## Upgrade Considerations

- **Microservice Engine**: When upgrading Microservice Engine to a version greater than v0.24.2, there are
  incompatible updates for versions up to v0.24.2. Since the gateway involves changes in the URL of
  the open-source component repository, you need to manually delete the existing __gateway-api-admission-xxxxx__
  Job before performing the normal upgrade process.
- **Global Management**: When upgrading from v0.15.x (or lower) to v0.20.0 (or higher),
  the database connection Helm parameters format need to be modified. For more details, refer to
  [Offline Upgrade of Global Management](../../ghippo/install/offline-install.md).

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once Global Management is upgraded to v0.20.0 or above, other modules must be
    upgraded to the corresponding versions; otherwise, the interface will not function properly!

The supported module versions for Global Management v0.20.0 are as follows:

- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Insight v0.17.2 and above
- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- MultiCloud Management v0.9.1 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware mcamel-rabbitmq v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-mysql v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-elasticsearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Container Registry v0.8.0 and above

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE Community Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download Center

- [DCE 5.0 Download Center](../../download/index.md)
