---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-10-17
---

# DCE 5.0 v0.23.0-20241030 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, improvements and bug fixes, included in DCE 5.0 v0.23.0-20241030 Enterprise.
DCE 5.0 modularizes each product module, and the versions included in this release are the default versions
in the DCE 5.0 installer. If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, contact
Daocloud's support team to download the proper versions and upgrade. Also refer to
[DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

## Included Modules

| Category | Module | Version | Compatible K8s Versions |
| :--- | :---- | :--- | :------------ |
| Installation | Installer | [v0.23.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.24 - 1.30 |
| | Kubean | [v0.20.0](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| Workbench | Workbench | [v0.32.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0320) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Container | Container Management[^1] | [v0.33.2](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0332) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | MultiCloud Management | [v0.24.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | Container Registry | [v0.23.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Network[^2] | [v0.16.1](../../network/intro/release-notes.md#v0161) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | HwameiStor[^3] | [v0.16.0](../../storage/hwameistor/release-notes.md#v0160) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | Virtual Machine[^4] | [v0.14.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| Observability | Insight | [v0.32.2](../../insight/intro/release-notes.md#v0322) | K8s 1.19 - 1.30 |
| Microservices | Microservice Engine | [v0.42.2](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0422) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Service Mesh | [v0.31.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0310) | K8s 1.21 - 1.30 |
| Middleware | RabbitMQ | [v0.25.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0250) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MySQL | [v0.23.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | ElasticSearch | [v0.22.1](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0220) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Redis | [v0.23.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MinIO | [v0.20.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v0200) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | PostgreSQL | [v0.17.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v0170) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MongoDB | [v0.15.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Kafka | [v0.20.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v0200) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | RocketMQ | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/rocketmq/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Cloud Native AI | AI Lab | [v0.10.0](../../baize/intro/release-notes.md#v0100) | K8s 1.25 - 1.30 |
| Edge Computing | Cloud Edge Collaboration | [v0.16.1](../../kant/intro/release-notes.md#v0161) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Management | Global Management | [v0.32.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0320) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Operations Management | v0.11.0 | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |

[^1]: GPU capability requires kernel ≥ 3.10.1160
[^2]: Cilium ≥ 5.10
[^3]: Refer to [Kernel versions adapted by DRDB](../../storage/hwameistor/intro/drbd-support.md).
[^4]: KubeVirt ≥ 4.x

## Features and Improvements

Detailed feature descriptions are reflected in the Release Notes for each version listed
in the table above. Here is a brief summary of some new features and improvements.

### Installer v0.23.0

- **Improved** disabled cert-manager.
- **Improved** adopted router dual replicas in manager mode.

### Application Workbench v0.32.0

- **Added** supports multi-cloud namespaces.
- **Added** supports pipeline caching.

### Container Management v0.33.2

- **Added** supports management and scheduling of Cambricon GPU cards.
- **Improved** upgraded hami and gpu-operator addon versions to v2.4.1 and v24.6.0.

### Kubean v0.19.0

- **Improved** supports Rocky Linux 8.
- **Improved** updated Kubernetes version to v1.30.4.

### Network v0.16.1

- **Fixed** panic issue when multus interface cniType is IPvlan with non-empty bond, and updated IPvlan's Bond.Name to "".
- **Fixed** failure in updating spiderClaimParameter interface with incorrect prompt message.

### Storage v0.16.0

- **Added** supports using LUKS encrypted volumes.
- **Improved** disables encrypted volume after unmounting.

### Virtual Machine v0.14.0

- **Fixed** error when creating virtual machines with GPU.
- **Fixed** issue of virtual machines being unable to expand disk space.

### MultiCloud Management v0.23.0

- **Added** extension of audit log functionality to record advanced configuration operations, deployment strategies, and differentiated policy YAML creation operations for multicloud instances.

### Container Registry v0.23.0

- **Added** deleting harbor now supports synchronous deletion of middleware.
- **Added** validation prompt to prohibit pushing images after enabling image proxy in harbor repository.

### Observability

Insight Server v0.32.2

- **Added** supports viewing all Span data and statistics based on status and latency.
- **Improved** container group CPU and memory monitoring metrics now support viewing container CPU and memory usage.

### Microservices Engine v0.42.2

- **Added** supports installation status detection for MetalLB.
- **Added** gateway supports customizing dns-lookup-family capability to resolve coredns error issues.

### Service Mesh v0.31.0

- **Fixed** issue where link collection rate could not be adjusted.
- **Fixed** missing audit logs for binding workloads waypoint.

### Middleware

- **Added** Redis cluster mode and sentinel mode support manual switching of primary and backup nodes.
- **Added** Redis supports enabling RedisInsight management control component.

### AI Lab v0.10.0

- **Added** training task supports specifying the type of GPU to use when configuring vGPU resources.
- **Added** dataset supports Huggingface data source, allowing downloading of its vast models and datasets.

### Global Management v0.31.0

- **Improved** workspace editor added cloud-native AI-related permission points.
- **Improved** session-limit interface implemented username and password encryption.

### Cloud Edge Collaboration v0.16.1

- **Improved** prompts for token validity period in edge node installation commands.

## Upgrade Notes

1. **MinIO Operator**
   
   When upgrading the MinIO Operator from a lower version to v0.20.0 or higher, all MinIO instances managed by this Operator will restart. Please ensure thorough evaluation before upgrading.

2. **MySQL Operator**

   When upgrading the MySQL Operator from a lower version to v0.23.0 or higher, all MySQL v8.0.29 instances managed by this Operator will restart (MySQL v5.7.31 is not affected). Please ensure evaluation before upgrading.

3. **Creating MySQL v8.0.37**

   To create a MySQL v8.0.37 version (master/slave mode) database, the mysql-operator version must be upgraded to v0.23.0 or higher.

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once the global management is upgraded to v0.32.0 or above, other modules must
    be upgraded to the proper versions, otherwise the UI cannot be accessed normally!

The versions supported by Global Management v0.32.0 are as follows:

- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Multicloud Management v0.9.1 and above
- Container Registry v0.8.0 and above
- Insight v0.17.2 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware RabbitMQ v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware MySQL v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware ElasticSearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware Redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Middleware MongoDB v0.1.0 and above
- Middleware RocketMQ v0.2.0 and above

## Known Issues

Known issues for installer v0.23.0, see [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download

- [Go to download DCE 5.0 offline package](../../download/index.md)
