docs/en/docs/dce/dce-rn/20240130.md, before:

---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-02-19
---

# DCE 5.0-20240130 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, improvements and bug fixes, included in 20240130 DCE 5.0 Enterprise. DCE 5.0 modularizes each product module, and the versions included in this release are the default versions in the DCE 5.0 installer. If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, please contact Daocloud's support team to download the corresponding versions and upgrade. Please also refer to [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

**Module Versions**

| Category | Module | Version | Compatible K8s Version |
| :------- | :----- | :------ | :--------------------- |
| Installation | Installer | [v0.15.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.24 - 1.27 |
| | Kubean | [v0.12.2](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Workbench | Workbench | [v0.24.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Container | Container Management | [v0.25.1](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0251) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | MultiCloud Management | [v0.16.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0160) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Container Registry | [v0.15.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Network | [v0.13.0](../../network/intro/releasenotes.md#v0130) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Storage HwameiStor | [v0.14.1](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md#v0141) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Virtual Machine | [v0.6.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v060) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Insight | Insight | [v0.24.0](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0240) | K8s 1.19 - 1.27 |
| Microservices | Microservice Engine | [v0.33.2](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0332) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Service Mesh | [v0.23.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.21 - 1.27 |
| Middleware | RabbitMQ | [v0.17.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0170) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MySQL | [v0.15.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | ElasticSearch | [v0.14.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Redis | [v0.15.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MinIO | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | PostgreSQL | [v0.9.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v090) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MongoDB | [v0.7.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v070) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Kafka | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | RocketMQ | [v0.4.0](../../middleware/rocketmq/release-notes.md#v040) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Edge Computing | Cloud Edge Collaboration | [v0.8.1](../../kant/intro/release-notes.md#v081) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Management | Global Management | [v0.24.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Operation Management | v0.5.1 | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |

## New Features and Improvements

Detailed feature descriptions are reflected in the Release Notes of each version in the table above. Here are some brief descriptions of new features and improvements.

### Installer v0.15.0

- **Optimization** Improve the stability of installing mysql-operator
- **Optimization** Update the version of chart-sycner used when importing addon packages with the installer dependencies
- **Optimization** Reduce invalid logs generated during the process of merging chart values during upgrades

### Kubean v0.12.2

Kubean is a cluster lifecycle management tool, and in this version:

- **Optimization** Remove the restriction on the kubeproxy mode of the kubevip playbook
- **Optimization** Update the version of kubespray to 0dbde75
- **Optimization** Remove the cd step in the release CI and change the workflow name

### Workbench v0.24.0

- **New** Pipeline supports CI Kanban overview
- **New** Support termination operation during GitOps application synchronization
- **Fix** Support viewing events for GitOps applications

### Container Management v0.25.1

- **New** Support batch deletion/stop of multiple workloads
- **New** Support selecting whether to enable kube-vip's control plane LB capability when creating a cluster
- **Optimization** Improve the image selector to solve the problem of page freezing when there are more than 1000 images

### MultiCloud Management v0.16.0

- **Optimization** Add permission control for one-click conversion of multicloud resources
- **Optimization** Fix the issue of cloudtty being unable to use

### Container Registry v0.15.0

- **Fix** Associated jfrog image repository - query image space error
- **Fix** Failed to generate login command

### Network v0.13.0

- **New** Support configuring SR-IOV node policies to simplify the management of SR-IOV network resources
- **New** Support using RDMA network acceleration technology when creating SR-IOV node policies
- **New** Support configuring Ethernet or InfiniBand network types when creating SR-IOV node policies

### Storage v0.14.1

- **Optimization** Skip some volumes defined with SC but without SC instances when ignoring failure policies
- **Optimization** Hwameictl command line supports adding clusters to snapshots
- **Fix** Fix snapshot control error

### Virtual Machine v0.6.0

- **New** Support importing virtual machines from VMware into the virtual machine module of DCE 5.0 for use
- **New** Add IPv6 pool to virtual machine network
- **New** Support configuring network information when creating virtual machines from templates

### Insight v0.24.0

- Insight Server v0.24.0

    - **New** Support alarm suppression
    - **New** Support alarm templates and create alarm policies from templates
    - **Optimization** Grafana supports adding JSON API type data sources

- Insight Agent v0.24.0

    - **Optimization** Upgrade the image version of related components of OpenTelemetry Collector

### Microservice Engine v0.33.2

- **New** Add monitoring resources for cloud-native microservices
- **New** Support connecting to a registry center in authentication mode
- **New** Publish ARM architecture offline installation package process

### Service Mesh v0.23.0

- **New** Add monitoring panel for services and workloads, and add upstream and downstream traffic distribution
- **New** Adapt Istio versions 1.18.7, 1.19.6, and 1.20.2
- **Fix** Dubbo + Zookeeper's Consumer service cannot be recognized as Dubbo service issue

### Middleware

- **Optimization** Add version display for all middleware such as MongoDB and Kafka in global management
- **Optimization** Upgrade Redis Operator version to 6.2.12
- **Fix** Fix the issue of scaling up Redis cluster mode not taking effect

### Cloud Edge Collaboration v0.8.1

- **New** Support version rollback operation for workloads
- **New** Support displaying version list of deployed workloads
- **New** Support monitoring indicators such as workload status, resource utilization, read and write rates, and receive and send rates

### Global Management v0.24.0

- **New** OIDC protocol supports automatic logout of the corresponding identity provider page when DCE 5.0 is logged out
- **New** Add user/authorization isolation mode between folders
- **Optimization** Support multiple role authorization for Folder/Workspace users

## Upgrade Notes

- **Container Management**: When upgrading from v0.21.x to v0.22.0 or higher, if the Global cluster uses Redis in sentinel mode, you need to change **--set global.db.redis.url** during the upgrade.
- **Global Management**: When upgrading from v0.15.x (or lower versions) to v0.21.0 (or higher versions), the database connection Helm parameter format needs to be modified. For details, refer to [Offline Upgrade of Global Management](../../ghippo/install/offline-install.md).
- **Workbench**: When upgrading from versions before v0.21.0 to this version, GitOps applications
  may disappear. It is recommended not to upgrade to this version directly, but upgrade to v0.22.0
  or later versions.
- **Redis Cache Service**: When upgrading from Redis v0.14.0 to v0.15.0, because this iteration
  includes the upgrade of Redis Operator, the cluster of Redis standalone and master-slave mode
  will be restarted during the upgrade ！！！！

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once the global management is upgraded to v0.24.0 or above, other modules must be upgraded to the corresponding versions, otherwise the interface cannot be accessed normally!

The versions supported by Global Management v0.24.0 are as follows:

- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Multi-Cloud Orchestration v0.9.1 and above
- Image Repository v0.8.0 and above
- Observability v0.17.2 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware mcamel-RabbitMQ v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MySQL v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-ElasticSearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MongoDB v0.1.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-RocketMQ v0.2.0 and above

## Known Issues

Known issues for installer v0.15.0, see [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Edition Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download

- [DCE 5.0 Offline Package Download](../../download/index.md)

Commit message:

Add links to download word and pdf

docs/en/docs/dce/dce-rn/20240130.md, after:

---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-02-19
---

# DCE 5.0-20240130 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, improvements and bug fixes, included in 20240130 DCE 5.0 Enterprise. DCE 5.0 modularizes each product module, and the versions included in this release are the default versions in the DCE 5.0 installer. If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, please contact Daocloud's support team to download the corresponding versions and upgrade. Please also refer to [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

**Module Versions**

| Category | Module | Version | Compatible K8s Version |
| :------- | :----- | :------ | :--------------------- |
| Installation | Installer | [v0.15.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.24 - 1.27 |
| | Kubean | [v0.12.2](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Workbench | Workbench | [v0.24.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Container | Container Management | [v0.25.1](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0251) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | MultiCloud Management | [v0.16.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0160) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Container Registry | [v0.15.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Network | [v0.13.0](../../network/intro/releasenotes.md#v0130) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Storage HwameiStor | [v0.14.1](../../storage/hwameistor/releasenotes.md#v0141) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| | Virtual Machine | [v0.6.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v060) | K8s 1.18 - 1.27 |
| Insight | Insight | [v0.24.0](../../insight/intro/releasenote.md#v0240) | K8s 1.19 - 1.27 |
| Microservices | Microservice Engine | [v0.33.2](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0332) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Service Mesh | [v0.23.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.21 - 1.27 |
| Middleware | RabbitMQ | [v0.17.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0170) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MySQL | [v0.15.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | ElasticSearch | [v0.14.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Redis | [v0.15.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MinIO | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | PostgreSQL | [v0.9.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v090) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | MongoDB | [v0.7.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v070) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Kafka | [v0.12.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v0120) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | RocketMQ | [v0.4.0](../../middleware/rocketmq/release-notes.md#v040) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Edge Computing | Cloud Edge Collaboration | [v0.8.1](../../kant/intro/release-notes.md#v081) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| Management | Global Management | [v0.24.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |
| | Operation Management | v0.5.1 | K8s 1.23 - 1.27 |

## New Features and Improvements

Detailed feature descriptions are reflected in the Release Notes of each version in the table above. Here are some brief descriptions of new features and improvements.

### Installer v0.15.0

- **Optimization** Improve the stability of installing mysql-operator
- **Optimization** Update the version of chart-sycner used when importing addon packages with the installer dependencies
- **Optimization** Reduce invalid logs generated during the process of merging chart values during upgrades

### Kubean v0.12.2

Kubean is a cluster lifecycle management tool, and in this version:

- **Optimization** Remove the restriction on the kubeproxy mode of the kubevip playbook
- **Optimization** Update the version of kubespray to 0dbde75
- **Optimization** Remove the cd step in the release CI and change the workflow name

### Workbench v0.24.0

- **New** Pipeline supports CI Kanban overview
- **New** Support termination operation during GitOps application synchronization
- **Fix** Support viewing events for GitOps applications

### Container Management v0.25.1

- **New** Support batch deletion/stop of multiple workloads
- **New** Support selecting whether to enable kube-vip's control plane LB capability when creating a cluster
- **Optimization** Improve the image selector to solve the problem of page freezing when there are more than 1000 images

### MultiCloud Management v0.16.0

- **Optimization** Add permission control for one-click conversion of multicloud resources
- **Optimization** Fix the issue of cloudtty being unable to use

### Container Registry v0.15.0

- **Fix** Associated jfrog image repository - query image space error
- **Fix** Failed to generate login command

### Network v0.13.0

- **New** Support configuring SR-IOV node policies to simplify the management of SR-IOV network resources
- **New** Support using RDMA network acceleration technology when creating SR-IOV node policies
- **New** Support configuring Ethernet or InfiniBand network types when creating SR-IOV node policies

### Storage v0.14.1

- **Optimization** Skip some volumes defined with SC but without SC instances when ignoring failure policies
- **Optimization** Hwameictl command line supports adding clusters to snapshots
- **Fix** Fix snapshot control error

### Virtual Machine v0.6.0

- **New** Support importing virtual machines from VMware into the virtual machine module of DCE 5.0 for use
- **New** Add IPv6 pool to virtual machine network
- **New** Support configuring network information when creating virtual machines from templates

### Insight v0.24.0

- Insight Server v0.24.0

    - **New** Support alarm suppression
    - **New** Support alarm templates and create alarm policies from templates
    - **Optimization** Grafana supports adding JSON API type data sources

- Insight Agent v0.24.0

    - **Optimization** Upgrade the image version of related components of OpenTelemetry Collector

### Microservice Engine v0.33.2

- **New** Add monitoring resources for cloud-native microservices
- **New** Support connecting to a registry center in authentication mode
- **New** Publish ARM architecture offline installation package process

### Service Mesh v0.23.0

- **New** Add monitoring panel for services and workloads, and add upstream and downstream traffic distribution
- **New** Adapt Istio versions 1.18.7, 1.19.6, and 1.20.2
- **Fix** Dubbo + Zookeeper's Consumer service cannot be recognized as Dubbo service issue

### Middleware

- **Optimization** Add version display for all middleware such as MongoDB and Kafka in global management
- **Optimization** Upgrade Redis Operator version to 6.2.12
- **Fix** Fix the issue of scaling up Redis cluster mode not taking effect

### Cloud Edge Collaboration v0.8.1

- **New** Support version rollback operation for workloads
- **New** Support displaying version list of deployed workloads
- **New** Support monitoring indicators such as workload status, resource utilization, read and write rates, and receive and send rates

### Global Management v0.24.0

- **New** OIDC protocol supports automatic logout of the corresponding identity provider page when DCE 5.0 is logged out
- **New** Add user/authorization isolation mode between folders
- **Optimization** Support multiple role authorization for Folder/Workspace users

## Upgrade Notes

- **Container Management**: When upgrading from v0.21.x to v0.22.0 or higher, if the Global cluster uses Redis in sentinel mode, you need to change **--set global.db.redis.url** during the upgrade.
- **Global Management**: When upgrading from v0.15.x (or lower versions) to v0.21.0 (or higher versions), the database connection Helm parameter format needs to be modified. For details, refer to [Offline Upgrade of Global Management](../../ghippo/install/offline-install.md).
- **Workbench**: When upgrading from versions before v0.21.0 to this version, GitOps applications
  may disappear. It is recommended not to upgrade to this version directly, but upgrade to v0.22.0
  or later versions.
- **Redis Cache Service**: When upgrading from Redis v0.14.0 to v0.15.0, because this iteration
  includes the upgrade of Redis Operator, the cluster of Redis standalone and master-slave mode
  will be restarted during the upgrade ！！！！

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once the global management is upgraded to v0.24.0 or above, other modules must be upgraded to the corresponding versions, otherwise the interface cannot be accessed normally!

The versions supported by Global Management v0.24.0 are as follows:

- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Multi-Cloud Orchestration v0.9.1 and above
- Image Repository v0.8.0 and above
- Observability v0.17.2 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware mcamel-RabbitMQ v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MySQL v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-ElasticSearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-MongoDB v0.1.0 and above
- Middleware mcamel-RocketMQ v0.2.0 and above

## Known Issues

Known issues for installer v0.15.0, see [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Edition Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download

- [Go to download DCE 5.0 offline package](../../download/index.md)
- [Click to download the exported Word](https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/download/dce5.0-v0.15-docs.docx): 524.63 MB
- [Click to download the exported PDF](https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/download/dce5.0-v0.15-docs.pdf): 353.65 MB

!!! note

    The [product documentation](../index.md) is suitable for web display. Directly exporting to Word and PDF may have
    layout compatibility issues. The exported tables, images, links, and effects like tabs cannot be guaranteed.
    Please use with caution.
