---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2024-10-17
---

# DCE 5.0 v0.22.0-20240930 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, improvements and bug fixes, included in DCE 5.0 v0.22.0-20240930 Enterprise.
DCE 5.0 modularizes each product module, and the versions included in this release are the default versions
in the DCE 5.0 installer. If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, contact
Daocloud's support team to download the proper versions and upgrade. Also refer to
[DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

## Included Modules

| Category | Module | Version | Compatible K8s Versions |
| :--- | :---- | :--- | :------------ |
| Installation | Installer | [v0.22.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0220) | K8s 1.24 - 1.30 |
| | Kubean | [v0.19.0](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| Workbench | Workbench | [v0.31.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0310) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Container | Container Management[^1] | [v0.32.2](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0320) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | MultiCloud Management | [v0.23.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | Container Registry | [v0.22.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0220) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Network[^2] | [v0.15.1](../../network/intro/release-notes.md#v0151) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | HwameiStor[^3] | [v0.15.0](../../storage/hwameistor/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | Virtual Machine[^4] | [v0.13.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v0130) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| Observability | Insight | [v0.31.0](../../insight/intro/release-notes.md#v0310) | K8s 1.19 - 1.30 |
| Microservices | Microservice Engine | [v0.41.3](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0413) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Service Mesh | [v0.30.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0300) | K8s 1.21 - 1.30 |
| Middleware | RabbitMQ | [v0.24.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MySQL | [v0.22.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0220) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | ElasticSearch | [v0.21.1](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0210) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Redis | [v0.22.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0220) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MinIO | [v0.19.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v0190) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | PostgreSQL | [v0.16.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v0160) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MongoDB | [v0.14.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v0140) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Kafka | [v0.19.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v0190) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | RocketMQ | [v0.11.0](../../middleware/rocketmq/release-notes.md#v0110) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Cloud Native AI | AI Lab | [v0.9.0](../../baize/intro/release-notes.md#v090) | K8s 1.25 - 1.30 |
| Edge Computing | Cloud Edge Collaboration | [v0.15.0](../../kant/intro/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Management | Global Management | [v0.31.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0310) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Operations Management | v0.10.0 | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |

[^1]: GPU capability requires kernel ≥ 3.10.1160.
[^2]: Cilium ≥ 5.10.
[^3]: Refer to [Kernel versions adapted by DRDB](../../storage/hwameistor/intro/drbd-support.md).
[^4]: KubeVirt ≥ 4.x.

## Features and Improvements

Detailed feature descriptions are reflected in the Release Notes for each version listed
in the table above. Here is a brief summary of some new features and improvements.

### Installer v0.22.0

- **Improved** the default Kubernetes version to v1.30.4.
- **Improved** support for Rocky Linux 8.

### Workbench v0.31.0

- **Added** GitOps applications that can now create ApplicationSet resources.
- **Improved** the ability to switch between canvas and Jenkinsfile views.

### Container Management v0.32.2

- **Improved** compatibility with Persistent Volumes (PVs) configured with block volumeMode.
- **Fixed** an issue where the bound workspace was not displayed after binding a namespace, requiring a manual page refresh.

### Kubean v0.19.0

- **Improved** support for Rocky Linux 8.
- **Updated** the Kubernetes version to v1.30.4.

### Network v0.15.1

- **Fixed** an issue that caused the page to freeze when filling in network card configurations and confirming.

### Storage v0.15.0

- **Improved** the file system formatting (XFS) using reflink technology.
- **Fixed** an issue where bound PVCs were not being filtered properly.

### Virtual Machine v0.13.0

- **Added** support for cold migration of virtual machines within a cluster.
- **Added** updates to virtual machine network information.

### MultiCloud Management v0.23.0

- **Added** the capability to display domain names in the Ingress list.
- **Added** dynamic retrieval of the Karmada version.

### Container Registry v0.22.0

- **Improved** a check to allow only one MinIO instance creation per namespace.
- **Improved** a prompt during image pushes to indicate the available registry space.

### Insight v0.31.0

**Insight Server:**

- **Added** fields for `request protocol`, `request method`, and `status code` to the link list.
- **Improved** platform administrators to customize the topology graph rendering threshold, allowing users to temporarily modify the threshold configuration.

**Insight Agent:**

- **Fixed** a permissions issue that caused failures when creating probing tasks with the ICMP protocol.

### Microservice Engine v0.41.3

- **Improved** certificate and token management logic.
- **Improved** support for integrating custom plugins into cloud-native microservices.

### Service Mesh v0.30.0

- **Upgraded** Istio from v1.21.5 to v1.22.4, setting v1.22.4 as the default version.
- **Fixed** an issue where disabling Istio resource synchronization in the working cluster did not effectively remove resources.

### Middleware

- **Added** manual switching between master and slave nodes in MySQL.
- **Improved** the process of creating ElasticSearch instances to allow selection of HTTPS/HTTP protocols.

### AI Lab v0.9.0

- **Added** a new data management sub-module, **Data Annotation**, for managing data annotation capabilities across mainstream data types.
- **Added** a new model management sub-module, **Model List**, for quick model creation and multi-version management.

### Global Management v0.31.0

- **Improved** encryption of usernames during user creation.
- **Improved** custom roles to support folder and workspace roles in container management, with the ability to map their permissions to predefined roles.

### Cloud Edge Collaboration v0.15.0

- **Improved** device editing capabilities while the terminal device is in a bound node state.
- **Improved** the batch workload management process for improved user interaction.

## Upgrade Notes

- **Virtual Machine**: Due to ongoing developments within the KubeVirt community, GPU features
  cannot currently be enabled via the UI. If GPU capabilities are required, please wait for
  the virtual machine module's hotfix release and manually update to the latest version.
  For more details, refer to the [Virtual Machine Download Page](../../download/modules/virtnest.md).

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once the global management is upgraded to v0.31.0 or above, other modules must
    be upgraded to the proper versions, otherwise the UI cannot be accessed normally!

The versions supported by Global Management v0.30.0 are as follows:

- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Multicloud Management v0.9.1 and above
- Container Registry v0.8.0 and above
- Insight v0.17.2 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware RabbitMQ v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware MySQL v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware ElasticSearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware Redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Middleware MongoDB v0.1.0 and above
- Middleware RocketMQ v0.2.0 and above

## Known Issues

Known issues for installer v0.22.0, see [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download

- [Go to download DCE 5.0 offline package](../../download/index.md)
