---
MTPE: windsonsea
date: 2025-01-03
---

# DCE 5.0 v0.24.0-20241130 Enterprise Released

This page explains the latest features, improvements and bug fixes, included in DCE 5.0 v0.24.0-20241130 Enterprise.
DCE 5.0 modularizes each product module, and the versions included in this release are the default versions
in the DCE 5.0 installer. If you need to independently upgrade or replace each module, contact
Daocloud's support team to download the proper versions and upgrade. Also refer to
[DCE 5.0 Enterprise Deployment Requirements](../../install/commercial/deploy-requirements.md).

## Included Modules

| Category | Module | Version | Compatible K8s Versions |
| :--- | :---- | :--- | :------------ |
| Installation | Installer | [v0.24.0](../../install/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.24 - 1.30 |
| | Kubean | [v0.21.1](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/releases) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| Workbench | Workbench | [v0.33.0](../../amamba/intro/release-notes.md#v0330) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Container | Container Management[^1] | [v0.34.0](../../kpanda/intro/release-notes.md#v0340) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | MultiCloud Management | [v0.24.0](../../kairship/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | Container Registry | [v0.24.0](../../kangaroo/intro/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Network[^2] | [v0.16.2](../../network/intro/release-notes.md#v0162) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | HwameiStor[^3] | [v0.16.1](../../storage/hwameistor/release-notes.md#v0161) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| | Virtual Machine[^4] | [v0.15.0](../../virtnest/intro/release-notes.md#v0150) | K8s 1.18 - 1.30 |
| Observability | Insight | [v0.33.1](../../insight/intro/release-notes.md#v0331) | K8s 1.19 - 1.30 |
| Microservices | Microservice Engine | [v0.43.2](../../skoala/intro/release-notes.md#v0432) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Service Mesh | [v0.32.0](../../mspider/intro/release-notes.md#v0320) | K8s 1.21 - 1.30 |
| Middleware | RabbitMQ | [v0.26.0](../../middleware/rabbitmq/release-notes.md#v0260) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MySQL | [v0.24.0](../../middleware/mysql/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | ElasticSearch | [v0.23.0](../../middleware/elasticsearch/release-notes.md#v0230) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Redis | [v0.24.0](../../middleware/redis/release-notes.md#v0240) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MinIO | [v0.21.0](../../middleware/minio/release-notes.md#v0210) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | PostgreSQL | [v0.18.0](../../middleware/postgresql/release-notes.md#v0180) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | MongoDB | [v0.16.0](../../middleware/mongodb/release-notes.md#v0160) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Kafka | [v0.21.0](../../middleware/kafka/release-notes.md#v0210) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | RocketMQ | [v0.13.0](../../middleware/rocketmq/release-notes.md#v0130) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Cloud Native AI | AI Lab | [v0.11.0](../../baize/intro/release-notes.md#v0110) | K8s 1.25 - 1.30 |
| Edge Computing | Cloud Edge Collaboration | [v0.17.0](../../kant/intro/release-notes.md#v0170) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| Management | Global Management | [v0.33.0](../../ghippo/intro/release-notes.md#v0330) | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |
| | Operations Management | v0.11.0 | K8s 1.23 - 1.30 |

[^1]: GPU capability requires kernel ≥ 3.10.1160
[^2]: Cilium ≥ 5.10
[^3]: Refer to [Kernel versions adapted by DRDB](../../storage/hwameistor/intro/drbd-support.md).
[^4]: KubeVirt ≥ 4.x

## Features and Improvements

Detailed feature descriptions are reflected in the Release Notes for each version listed
in the table above. Here is a brief summary of some new features and improvements.

### Installer v0.24.0

- **Improved** the process of bypassing the openEuler 22.03 LTS version when generating the podman service.
- **Improved** non-root users with sudo permissions to adjust the fs.inotify.max_user_instances parameter.

### Workbench v0.33.0

- **Added** support for GitOps application Kubernetes resource details viewing.
- **Improved** to hiding DAGv1, with the option to enable it via the feature gate `DAGv1=true`.

### Container Management v0.34.0

- **Improved** the ListClusterSummary cluster list page for etcd backup.
- **Fixed** the issue of routes added by cloudshell in VirtualService not being cleaned up after closing the console.

### Kubean v0.21.0

- **Improved** gosec in golangci checks.
- **Improved** the upgrade of Kubespray version.

### Networking v0.16.2

- **Fixed** the issue of IP pools not correctly adding IPs.

### Storage v0.16.1

- **Added** the GET_VOLUME_STATS parameter to local-disk-manager.
- **Fixed** the issue where Pods might not associate properly due to frequent creation.

### Virtual Machine v0.15.0

- **Added** support for semi-automated Mukxi GPU.
- **Added** an overview for monitoring virtual machines.

### MultiCloud Management v0.24.0

- **Added** the audit log functionality to include advanced configuration operations, deployment strategies, and differentiated strategy YAML creation for multi-cloud instances.

### Container Registry v0.24.0

- **Fixed** the issue of failing to create a managed Harbor with the same name for different clusters in MinIO.

### Insight v0.33.1

Insight Server

- **Added** the feature to view the Target status of metric collection, recent collection time, and detailed tags in collection management.
- **Improved** built-in alert rules related to Span traffic metrics.

### Microservices Engine v0.43.2

- **Added** support for custom annotations when creating gateways.
- **Added** automatic log file splitting and rolling update capabilities for gateways.

### Service Mesh v0.32.0

- **Added** fields `.details.ports` and `.details.load_balancer_ip` to the gateway details interface; upgraded `.configuration.service.load_balancer_ip` from runtime configuration to predefined configuration, with the default `.details` now containing runtime information.
- **Fxied** the issue where the managed mesh would incorrectly reflect cluster removal status in extreme cases.

### Middleware

- **Improved** ES to default to not enabling the geoip database to avoid a yellow health status.
- **Added** support for deploying Redis v7.2.6 instances.

### AI Lab v0.11.0

- **Added** status details for Notebooks, datasets, training tasks, and inference services to improve anomaly handling efficiency.
- **Added** queue management in the operations console to allow viewing all resources using the queue on the queue details page.

### Global Management v0.33.0

- **Added** metering and billing support for Mukxi GPU.
- **Upgraded** the component by moving Istio to v1.22.3.

### Cloud Edge Collaboration v0.17.0

- **Fixed** the issue with displaying terminal device collection and reporting interval units.
- **Improved** prompts for downloading edge installation packages.

## Upgrade Notes

1. **Installer v0.24.0**

   Starting from v0.24.0, the DCE 5.0 Community Edition will no longer support Kubernetes v1.22.x.

   From v0.24.0 onward, the Calico installation will remove the InitContainer.

2. **Middleware**

   Upgrading the middleware Operator may cause middleware instances to restart, so it is not recommended to use the installer to upgrade middleware modules.

3. **Istio**

   - When upgrading the installer to v0.24.0 or higher,
   - When upgrading Global Management to v0.33.0 or higher,

   the upgrade will involve Istio. During the upgrade process, cluster applications may become inaccessible due to the Istio update, requiring manual intervention. For more details, please refer to [DCE 5.0 Istio Upgrade (from 1.16.1 to 1.22.3)](./istio1.16.1-1.22.3.md).

4. **Virtual Machine**

   - When upgrading the installer to v0.24.0 or higher,
   - When upgrading the virtual machine to v0.15.0 or higher,

   the virtual machine needs to obtain a License to function properly.

## Compatibility

!!! note

    Global Management: Once the global management is upgraded to v0.33.0 or above, other modules must
    be upgraded to the proper versions, otherwise the UI cannot be accessed normally!

The versions supported by Global Management v0.33.0 are as follows:

- Workbench v0.17.3 and above
- Container Management v0.18.1 and above
- Multicloud Management v0.9.1 and above
- Container Registry v0.8.0 and above
- Insight v0.17.2 and above
- Microservice Engine v0.22.0 and above
- Service Mesh v0.16.2 and above
- Middleware RabbitMQ v0.11.0 and above
- Middleware MySQL v0.9.0 and above
- Middleware ElasticSearch v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware Redis v0.8.0 and above
- Middleware MinIO v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware Kafka v0.6.0 and above
- Middleware PostgreSQL v0.2.0 and above
- Middleware MongoDB v0.1.0 and above
- Middleware RocketMQ v0.2.0 and above

## Known Issues

Known issues for installer v0.24.0, see [Installation Troubleshooting](../../install/faq.md).

## Installation

- [DCE 5.0 Enterprise Installation](../../install/commercial/deploy-arch.md)
- [DCE 5.0 Community Installation](../../install/community/resources.md)

## Download

- [Go to download DCE 5.0 offline package](../../download/index.md)
