docs/en/docs/videos/kangaroo.md, before:

# Container Registry Video Tutorial

> If there is a problem with the video display, please refresh the page, or try to clear the browser cache.

## Integrate registry (workspace)

See [Related Registry](../kangaroo/integrate/integrate-ws.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/join-registry.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/kangaroo-repo.png"></video>
</div>

## Integrate registry (Admin)

See [registry integration](../kangaroo/integrate/integrate-admin.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/integrate-harbor.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/kangaroo-integrate.png"></video>
</div>

## Managed Harbor

See [Managed Harbor](../kangaroo/managed/harbor.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/harbor.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/kangaroo-harbor.png"></video>
</div>

[Download DCE 5.0](../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](../dce/license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

Commit message:

Update video pages for all scrum teams

docs/en/docs/videos/kangaroo.md, after:

# Container Registry Video Tutorial

We have crafted the following video tutorials for Container Registry, any kind of feedback is welcome, thanks 🙏

> If there is a problem with the video display, please refresh the page, or try to clear the browser cache.

## Integrate registry (workspace)

See [Related Registry](../kangaroo/integrate/integrate-ws.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/join-registry.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/kangaroo-repo.png"></video>
</div>

## Integrate registry (Admin)

See [registry integration](../kangaroo/integrate/integrate-admin.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/integrate-harbor.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/kangaroo-integrate.png"></video>
</div>

## Managed Harbor

See [Managed Harbor](../kangaroo/managed/harbor.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/harbor.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/kangaroo-harbor.png"></video>
</div>

[Download DCE 5.0](../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](../dce/license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
