docs/en/docs/videos/mspider.md, before:

# Service Mesh Tutorials

> If any problem with the video display, please refresh your page or try to clear your browser cache.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :one: [Create mesh](#create-mesh)
- :two: [Create mesh gateway](#create-mesh-gateway)
- :three: [Access mesh from external apps](#access-mesh-services-from-external-applications)
- :four: [Security governance](#security-governance)
- :five: [Upgrade Istio](#istio-version-upgrade)
- :six: [Upgrade sidecar](#sidecar-upgrade)
- :seven: [Traffic passthrough](#traffic-passthrough)
- :eight: [Multicloud interconnection](#multicloud-interconnection)

</div>

## Create mesh

See [Create mesh](../mspider/user-guide/service-mesh/README.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/create-mesh.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-create-mesh.png"></video>
</div>

## Create mesh gateway

See [Create mesh gateway](../mspider/user-guide/gateway-instance/create.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/create-mesh-gateway.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-create-gateway.png"></video>
</div>

## Access mesh services from external applications

See [External Application Access to In-mesh Services](../mspider/user-guide/service-list/out-to-in.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/visit-from-external.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-external.png"></video>
</div>

## Security Governance

See [Security Governance](../mspider/user-guide/security/README.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/mesh-security.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-safety.png"></video>
</div>

## Istio version upgrade

See [Istio Version Upgrade](../mspider/install/istio-update.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/istio-upgrade.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-version.png"></video>
</div>

## Sidecar upgrade

See [Sidecar Upgrade](../mspider/install/sidecar-update.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/sidecarup.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-sidecar.png"></video>
</div>

## Traffic Monitor Metrics

See [traffic monitor metrics](../mspider/user-guide/traffic-monitor/monitoring-indicators.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/traffic-monitor.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/traffic-monitor.jpg"></video>
</div>

## Traffic passthrough

See [traffic passthrough](../mspider/user-guide/sidecar-management/passthrough.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/passthrough.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-passthrough.png"></video>
</div>

## Multicloud interconnection

See [Multicloud interconnection](../mspider/user-guide/multicluster/cluster-interconnect.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/multi-connect.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-connect.png"></video>
</div>

## Custom Workload Types

See the [Custom Workload Types](../mspider/best-practice/use-custom-workloads.md) documentation page.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/custom-workload.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/custom-workload.jpg"></video>
</div>

[Download DCE 5.0](../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](../dce/license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

Commit message:

Update video pages for all scrum teams

docs/en/docs/videos/mspider.md, after:

# Service Mesh Tutorials

We have crafted the following video tutorials for service mesh, any kind of feedback is welcome, thanks 🙏

> If any problem with the video display, please refresh your page or try to clear your browser cache.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :one: [Create mesh](#create-mesh)
- :two: [Create mesh gateway](#create-mesh-gateway)
- :three: [Access mesh from external apps](#access-mesh-services-from-external-applications)
- :four: [Security governance](#security-governance)
- :five: [Upgrade Istio](#istio-version-upgrade)
- :six: [Upgrade sidecar](#sidecar-upgrade)
- :seven: [Traffic passthrough](#traffic-passthrough)
- :eight: [Multicloud interconnection](#multicloud-interconnection)

</div>

## Create mesh

See [Create mesh](../mspider/user-guide/service-mesh/README.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/create-mesh.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-create-mesh.png"></video>
</div>

## Create mesh gateway

See [Create mesh gateway](../mspider/user-guide/gateway-instance/create.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/create-mesh-gateway.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-create-gateway.png"></video>
</div>

## Access mesh services from external applications

See [External Application Access to In-mesh Services](../mspider/user-guide/service-list/out-to-in.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/visit-from-external.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-external.png"></video>
</div>

## Security Governance

See [Security Governance](../mspider/user-guide/security/README.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/mesh-security.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-safety.png"></video>
</div>

## Istio version upgrade

See [Istio Version Upgrade](../mspider/install/istio-update.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/istio-upgrade.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-version.png"></video>
</div>

## Sidecar upgrade

See [Sidecar Upgrade](../mspider/install/sidecar-update.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/sidecarup.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-sidecar.png"></video>
</div>

## Traffic Monitor Metrics

See [traffic monitor metrics](../mspider/user-guide/traffic-monitor/monitoring-indicators.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/traffic-monitor.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/traffic-monitor.jpg"></video>
</div>

## Traffic passthrough

See [traffic passthrough](../mspider/user-guide/sidecar-management/passthrough.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/passthrough.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-passthrough.png"></video>
</div>

## Multicloud interconnection

See [Multicloud interconnection](../mspider/user-guide/multicluster/cluster-interconnect.md) for reference.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/multi-connect.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/mspider-connect.png"></video>
</div>

## Custom Workload Types

See the [Custom Workload Types](../mspider/best-practice/use-custom-workloads.md) documentation page.

<div class="responsive-video-container">
<video controls src="https://harbor-test2.cn-sh2.ufileos.com/docs/videos/custom-workload.mp4" preload="metadata" poster="images/custom-workload.jpg"></video>
</div>

[Download DCE 5.0](../download/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Install DCE 5.0](../install/index.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[Free Trial](../dce/license0.md){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
