docs/en/docs/kant/user-guide/node/index.md, before:

# Overview of Edge Nodes

Edge nodes are the fundamental elements of a container cluster. They can be either
cloud virtual machines or physical machines that serve as the platform for running containerized applications.

Edge applications run on the nodes in the form of Pods.

To manage edge nodes, the following steps need to be completed:

1. Prepare and configure the edge nodes. The edge nodes need to meet specific requirements,
   which can be found in the [Edge Node Access Requirements](./join-rqmt.md).

2. Create a batch task for registering the edge nodes in the cloud-edge coordination module to
   obtain the installation guide. For detailed instructions, refer to
   [Batch Registration of Edge Nodes](./batch-registration.md).

3. Follow the installation guide to obtain the installation tool and configuration files for the edge nodes,
   and complete the process of connecting and managing the edge nodes. For more details,
   see [Managing Edge Nodes](./managed-node.md).

The usage workflow is as follows:

```mermaid
graph TB

start1([Start]) --> config[Configure Edge Node]
config --> register[Register Batch Task for Node] --> join[Join Node<br/>by Following Guide] --> end1([End])

classDef plain fill:#ddd,stroke:#fff,stroke-width:1px,color:#000;
classDef k8s fill:#326ce5,stroke:#fff,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff;
classDef cluster fill:#fff,stroke:#bbb,stroke-width:1px,color:#326ce5;

class start1,end1 k8s;
class config,register,join cluster

click register "https://docs.daocloud.io/en/kant/user-guide/node/batch-registration.html"
click join "https://docs.daocloud.io/en/kant/user-guide/node/managed-node.html"
```

Commit message:

[en] Add access-guide docs to kant

docs/en/docs/kant/user-guide/node/index.md, after:

# Overview of Edge Nodes

Edge nodes are the fundamental elements of a container cluster. They can be either
cloud virtual machines or physical machines that serve as the platform for running containerized applications.

Edge applications run on the nodes in the form of Pods.

To manage edge nodes, the following steps need to be completed:

1. Prepare and configure the edge nodes. The edge nodes need to meet specific requirements,
   which can be found in the [Edge Node Access Requirements](./join-rqmt.md).

2. Create an access guide in the Cloud-Edge Collaboration module to obtain the edge node configuration file and installation program. For details, please refer to [Creating an Access Guide](./create-access-guide.md).

3. Follow the installation guide to complete the onboarding operation for the edge nodes. For details, please refer to [Edge Node Onboarding](./access-guide.md).

The usage workflow is as follows:

```mermaid
graph TB

start1([Start]) --> config[Configure Edge Node]
config --> register[Register Batch Task for Node] --> join[Join Node<br/>by Following Guide] --> end1([End])

classDef plain fill:#ddd,stroke:#fff,stroke-width:1px,color:#000;
classDef k8s fill:#326ce5,stroke:#fff,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff;
classDef cluster fill:#fff,stroke:#bbb,stroke-width:1px,color:#326ce5;

class start1,end1 k8s;
class config,register,join cluster

click register "https://docs.daocloud.io/en/kant/user-guide/node/batch-registration.html"
click join "https://docs.daocloud.io/en/kant/user-guide/node/managed-node.html"
```
